[](/)

Discover

anything

Discover

anything

[Videos](/videos)[Podcasts](/podcasts)

[The Latest](https://www.theringer.com/archive?m=article)[The
Latest](https://www.theringer.com/archive?m=article)[Fantasy Football
Rankings](https://theringer.com/fantasy-football/2025)[Fantasy Football
Rankings](https://theringer.com/fantasy-
football/2025)[NBA](/topic/nba)[NBA](/topic/nba)[NFL](/topic/nfl)[NFL](/topic/nfl)[The
Fantastic Four](https://www.theringer.com/topic/marvel)[The Fantastic
Four](https://www.theringer.com/topic/marvel)[TV](/topic/tv)[TV](/topic/tv)[Movies](/topic/movies)[Movies](/topic/movies)[MLB](/topic/mlb)[MLB](/topic/mlb)[Events](https://www.theringer.com/events)[Events](https://www.theringer.com/events)[The
Streaming Guide](https://streamingguide.theringer.com/#top-tens)[The Streaming
Guide](https://streamingguide.theringer.com/#top-
tens)[Soccer](/topic/soccer)[Soccer](/topic/soccer)[Music](/topic/music)[Music](/topic/music)[Simmons
Pod](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast)[Simmons
Pod](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-
podcast)[Rewatchables](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-
rewatchables)[Rewatchables](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-
rewatchables)[NBA Top 100](https://nbarankings.theringer.com/)[NBA Top
100](https://nbarankings.theringer.com/)[Big
Picture](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-big-picture)[Big
Picture](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-big-picture)[Russillo
Pod](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-ryen-russillo-podcast)[Russillo
Pod](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-ryen-russillo-podcast)[The
Watch](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-watch)[The
Watch](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-watch)[Higher
Learning](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/higher-learning-van-lathan-
rachel-lindsay)[Higher Learning](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/higher-
learning-van-lathan-rachel-lindsay)[House of R](/podcasts/house-of-r)[House of
R](/podcasts/house-of-r)[The Town](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-
town-with-matthew-belloni)[The Town](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-
town-with-matthew-belloni)[Plain
English](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/plain-english-with-derek-
thompson)[Plain English](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/plain-english-
with-derek-thompson)

[](/)

ShareEight Takes on the NBA Offseason’s Most Interesting Moves

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2024%2F11%2FPina_Michael.jpg&w=128&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/creator/michael-
pina)

By [Michael Pina](/creator/michael-pina)July 21, 8:43 am EDT • 15 min

[NBA](/topic/nba)[NBA](/topic/nba)

# Eight Takes on the NBA Offseason’s Most Interesting Moves

The Clippers get their Summer of George, the Sixers aren’t dead yet, and way
more people should be talking about Wemby than about LeBron

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fnbaoffseasonthoughts_getty_ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)

Getty Images/Ringer illustration

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2024%2F11%2FPina_Michael.jpg&w=128&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/creator/michael-
pina)

By [Michael Pina](/creator/michael-pina)July 21, 8:43 am EDT • 15 min

We’re now three weeks into the NBA offseason and just about every meaningful
bit of dust has settled. So with the landscape remodeled and several
hierarchies in flux, here are a few observations, predictions, and trends I
most find interesting about a league that can’t stop moving.

### **A Case for the Philadelphia 76ers**

Last week I sat down at a coffee shop and wrote a few hundred (mostly
optimistic!) words about how the pendulum of judgment has swung too far
against the 76ers. In every conversation I’ve had about the weakened Eastern
Conference, they’re never mentioned without an eye roll or shoulder shrug. I
fully understand this sentiment and agree with it, coming off a calamitous
24-win season that didn’t entirely feel like a fluke. But on the other hand,
groupthink is treacherous terrain. It isn’t _that_ hard to look around, assess
the landscape, and construct a pro-Sixers case for the 2025-26 season.

Then, a few hours later, the team announced in an official press release that
Paul George had undergone an arthroscopic procedure on his knee after injuring
it during a workout. No timetable for his return has been given and it’s
unknown just how severe his surgery actually was. Needless to say, I
considered deleting everything I wrote that morning. George only played 41
games last season in the first year of his fully guaranteed four-year maximum
contract; he turned 35 a few months ago and averaged an inefficient 16.2
points per game.

The news highlighted how persistently unstable the Sixers are, and why
expectations for a team that’s spent the last decade trafficking in
controversy, dysfunction, and outlandishly bad luck _should_ be padlocked
behind a steel door, inside a bunker that’s several hundred feet underground.

Joel Embiid and George are unreliable health-related question marks who, when
healthy, must stabilize a pocket-sized backcourt and paper-thin bench that
will require consistent production from players like V.J. Edgecombe and Jared
McCain, who have little to no NBA experience. It’s very hard to get excited
about a team that employs Andre Drummond, Kyle Lowry, Eric Gordon, Kelly Oubre
Jr., and Ricky Council IV.

Now imagine a “but” that’s powerful enough to redirect an aircraft carrier
drifting into the mouth of a hurricane …

BUT _look_ at all that talent! It’s as auspicious as it is tantalizing.
There’s a world where Tyrese Maxey makes his first All-NBA team with better
efficiency from easier shots; McCain picks up where he left off before
suffering the knee injury that cut short his Rookie of the Year campaign;
Edgecombe injects two-way athleticism into a creaky roster that badly needs
it; and restricted free agent Quentin Grimes provides enough steady 3-point
shooting and tertiary playmaking to open up the floor whenever he’s on it.

In a conference that’s seemingly wide open, there’s an opportunity here for
the Sixers to concretize a winning formula that isn’t solely dependent on
Embiid’s availability. It’s possible to earn a top-six record _and_ prioritize
the condition of his body to rev up for the weekslong marathon of playoff
competition. This may be pie-in-the-sky logic, but it’s also not impossible.
The best-case scenario Sixers are probably better than the New York Knicks,
Cleveland Cavaliers, Orlando Magic, and Atlanta Hawks. It’s understandable to
overlook them, but at a certain point—with the Boston Celtics and Indiana
Pacers on the outside looking in—it’s OK to take them seriously, too, even if
PG’s latest surgery reinforces how inescapable the sorrow this organization
seems destined to endure truly is.

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fsickotrades_getty_ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=256&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/17/nba/nba-
free-agency-signings-2025-best-deals)

[Six Tiny Deals That Might Tilt the 2025 NBA SeasonSix Tiny Deals That Might
Tilt the 2025 NBA SeasonDon’t Sleep on These Six Quiet NBA
Moves](/2025/07/17/nba/nba-free-agency-signings-2025-best-deals)

By [Rob Mahoney](/creator/rob-mahoney) • July 17 • 7 min read

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fsickotrades_getty_ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=256&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/17/nba/nba-
free-agency-signings-2025-best-deals)

[Six Tiny Deals That Might Tilt the 2025 NBA SeasonSix Tiny Deals That Might
Tilt the 2025 NBA SeasonDon’t Sleep on These Six Quiet NBA
Moves](/2025/07/17/nba/nba-free-agency-signings-2025-best-deals)

By [Rob Mahoney](/creator/rob-mahoney) • July 17 • 7 min read

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fsickotrades_getty_ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=384&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/17/nba/nba-
free-agency-signings-2025-best-deals)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Six Tiny Deals That Might Tilt the 2025 NBA SeasonSix Tiny Deals That Might
Tilt the 2025 NBA SeasonDon’t Sleep on These Six Quiet NBA
Moves](/2025/07/17/nba/nba-free-agency-signings-2025-best-deals)

By [Rob Mahoney](/creator/rob-mahoney) • July 17 • 7 min read

### The Los Angeles Clippers Are So Back!

As _The Ringer_ ’s resident defender of Los Angeles’s other basketball team,
the past few weeks have been, in several ways, [my own personal Summer of
George](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hUx7v75V2dg). We’re back, baby! Last
year, the Clippers were a genuine contender that had the great misfortune of
running into Nikola Jokic in the first round of the playoffs. Their response
was to turn Brook Lopez into the best backup center in the league and then
essentially exchange Norman Powell for John Collins and Bradley Beal. Pretty
good!

I’ve already [praised the Lopez
signing](https://www.theringer.com/2025/07/03/nba/nba-free-agency-trade-
rumors-giannis-antetokounmpo-lebron-james) and [broken down why trading for
Collins made a lot of sense](https://nbarankings.theringer.com/the-offer-
sheet/dorian-finneysmith), but plopping Beal (sans his cap-killing contract
and no-trade clause) onto a roster that could really benefit from the level of
playmaking and independent shot creation he can provide is a cherry on top of
L.A.’s summer sundae. Ideally, Beal will complement Kawhi Leonard and James
Harden in myriad ways, whether as a capable decision-maker on the ball or
someone who can replicate Powell’s off-ball movement and the gravity that
comes with it.

**Newsletter**

Yep, we have one too

By submitting, you agree to our [Terms](/terms-and-conditions) and [Privacy
Policy](/privacy-policy).

Beal’s production in Phoenix wasn’t bad. [His true shooting percentage in 106
total games](https://www.basketball-reference.com/players/b/bealbr01.html)
over the past two seasons was 60.3. He drilled 3s, applied pressure around the
basket, and feasted in the midrange. The problems were less about his talent
and more about how he fit beside Kevin Durant and Devin Booker on a roster
that was constrained by a CBA that prevented them from affording elite
complementary pieces. The Clippers are not in that same mess. This team is
deep and has a defensive identity that should be enhanced with Lopez now in
the fold.

These new faces also create some interesting lineup choices for Ty Lue.
Knowing Leonard, Harden, and Ivica Zubac are guaranteed starters on opening
night, is Beal a lock to join them, or does Lue address the defensive issues
that may sprout from a Harden-Beal backcourt and roll with Kris Dunn and
Collins, Derrick Jones Jr., or Nicolas Batum instead?

Staggering their top three scorers makes sense; alongside Bogdan Bogdanovic
and Lopez, the Clippers can embolden Beal by having him lead second units
while Leonard and Harden sit. There’s insurance here, too, if either of those
two All-Stars gets hurt or needs a night off. Beal has more experience and
vision than Powell when it comes to setting up others with the ball in his
hands.  

This roster is creaky enough to sow doubt in their ability to emerge from the
regular season without any concerning health problems. But they’re also
flexible, deep, and experienced. Every other team in the Western Conference
will walk into a seven-game series against them wishing the bracket had broken
a different way.

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_071725-scaled.jpg&w=256&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/17/beal-to-l-a-the-spurs-future-and-more-with-mo-
dakhil-plus-sean-fennessey-returns-for-mets-corner)

[Beal to L.A., the Spurs’ Future, and More With Mo Dakhil. Plus, Sean
Fennessey Returns for Mets Corner.Beal to L.A., the Spurs’ Future, and More
With Mo Dakhil. Plus, Sean Fennessey Returns for Mets Corner.Beal to L.A., the
Spurs’ Future, and Mets CornerBeal to L.A. and the Spurs’
Future](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/17/beal-to-l-a-the-spurs-future-
and-more-with-mo-dakhil-plus-sean-fennessey-returns-for-mets-corner)

[The Zach Lowe ShowThe Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 17
• 1 hr 41 min

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_071725-scaled.jpg&w=256&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/17/beal-to-l-a-the-spurs-future-and-more-with-mo-
dakhil-plus-sean-fennessey-returns-for-mets-corner)

[Beal to L.A., the Spurs’ Future, and Mets CornerBeal to L.A., the Spurs’
Future, and More With Mo Dakhil. Plus, Sean Fennessey Returns for Mets
Corner.Beal to L.A., the Spurs’ Future, and Mets CornerBeal to L.A. and the
Spurs’ Future](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/17/beal-to-l-a-the-spurs-
future-and-more-with-mo-dakhil-plus-sean-fennessey-returns-for-mets-corner)

[The Zach Lowe ShowThe Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 17
• 1 hr 41 min

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_071725-scaled.jpg&w=384&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/17/beal-to-l-a-the-spurs-future-and-more-with-mo-
dakhil-plus-sean-fennessey-returns-for-mets-corner)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Beal to L.A., the Spurs’ Future, and More With Mo Dakhil. Plus, Sean
Fennessey Returns for Mets Corner.Beal to L.A., the Spurs’ Future, and More
With Mo Dakhil. Plus, Sean Fennessey Returns for Mets Corner.Beal to L.A., the
Spurs’ Future, and Mets CornerBeal to L.A. and the Spurs’
Future](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/17/beal-to-l-a-the-spurs-future-
and-more-with-mo-dakhil-plus-sean-fennessey-returns-for-mets-corner)

[The Zach Lowe ShowThe Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 17
• 1 hr 41 min

### **The Toronto Raptors Could Be … Pretty Good?**

In the aftermath of Masai Ujiri’s unceremonious exit, it’s hard to separate
Toronto’s exorbitant payroll from the talent on its roster. This is a wildly
expensive basketball team that’s inexplicably over the tax. At the same time,
the Raptors can—and maybe even should?—be a competitive playoff team this
season, which is meaningful considering it’s been three years since they last
competed in the postseason.

So much of their collective growth depends on the strides Scottie Barnes is
able to make in what’s somehow already his fifth season, a marginal concern
considering his development plateaued a bit last year. Barnes’s 3-point
shooting fell down to a concerning 27.1 percent—[the largest drop by any
player who logged at least 2,000 minutes](https://www.bball-
index.com/leaderboards-tool/)—and, on a team that couldn’t space the floor, he
found himself settling for too many long 2-pointers.

It’s not super encouraging when your 23-year-old franchise player has the
least efficient season of his career after three promising campaigns that
included an All-Star appearance and a Rookie of the Year trophy. Barnes’s
outside shot will absolutely need to perk up if the Raptors are going to even
be average on offense.

But there’s still so much to be excited about, including an on-court persona
that’s impolite in all the best ways. He has the all-around pedigree of an
All-NBA candidate: size, feel, competitiveness, and two-way positional
versatility that’s enhanced by a willingness to pass the ball. He can see the
entire floor running a high pick-and-roll and has enough craft, speed, and
upper-body strength to find an advantage when defenses switch the initial
action. There are tight pocket passes, corner skips, and lightning-quick
decisions to beat rotating opponents. His teammates cut hard knowing they will
get the ball when their own man is too concerned with slowing Barnes down.
That’s very good.

From there, his supporting cast, when healthy, is simultaneously overpaid and
underrated. Brandon Ingram, Immanuel Quickley, RJ Barrett, and Jakob Poeltl
are all very good NBA players who, around Barnes, have enough playmaking,
outside shooting, and defensive tenacity to form one of the more competent and
imposing starting fives in the Eastern Conference. Off the bench, Ochai Agbaji
and Gradey Dick can space the floor as spot-up threats who don’t panic when
they have to put the ball on the floor. Ja’Kobe Walter and incoming rookie
Collin Murray-Boyles are unproven with upside.

The most intriguing subplot is the on-court relationship Barnes develops with
Ingram, who was acquired before the trade deadline and then spent the rest of
the season sidelined with a badly sprained ankle. A 27-year-old pseudo-star
whose thin postseason résumé deserves less criticism when you consider several
factors outside his control (questionable health and unreliable teammates),
Ingram could be an ideal second option who can make just about any play when
tasked with the responsibilities normally held by a primary ball handler.

He’s a few years removed from his days as an accurate high-volume 3-point
shooter, but in an environment that doesn’t overextend his talent there’s a
practical path for that version of Ingram to reappear.

How much all this costs isn’t entirely negligible, of course. Reckless
spending in this financially stringent era can directly lead to depth-related
constraints. Hence, Toronto is not a deep team. It needs production from
rookie-scale contracts and veterans who couldn’t earn more than a minimum
deal. If ownership wants to duck the tax, a thin bench goes hollow.

How the Raptors got here is a frustrating sore spot for those who remember and
appreciate the winning pieces from which they pivoted away. Two years ago,
this club employed Pascal Siakam, OG Anunoby, and Fred VanVleet, three
excellent players who, on their current contracts, make less sense beside each
other than they do supporting Tyrese Haliburton, Jalen Brunson, and Kevin
Durant, respectively.

It’s more than fair to criticize Toronto’s reactive approach with each one,
though. VanVleet left for nothing as a free agent, while Siakam and Anunoby
were both traded in the final year of their contracts, which inhibited Toronto
from maximizing its return (three first-round picks and the right to pay
Quickley and Barrett more than they’re probably worth).

And so here we are, trying to parse a team that’s somehow over budget and
overlooked. I can’t say where the long-term outlook of this franchise stands,
but for the 2025-26 season I’m probably a bit more hopeful than most about
Toronto’s ability to finish with one of the six best records in its
conference.

[](https://nbarankings.theringer.com/the-offer-sheet)

Special Project

Tracking Moves as NBA Rosters Take Shape

Tracking Moves as NBA Rosters Take Shape

Tracking Moves as Rosters Take Shape

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F06%2FOfferSheet_070325_Getty-
Ringer.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)

### **Every LeBron James Rumor Is Boring**

It’s not that the outcome isn’t newsworthy, but, all the melodrama surrounding
LeBron James and his relationship with the Los Angeles Lakers is, to me,
exhausting. L.A.’s first, second, third, fourth, and fifth priorities are now
Luka Doncic, which inserts more ambiguity into the $52.6 million it is now
paying a 40-year-old James. The situation is uncomfortable. Here we have a
franchise that exists to cater to star talent no longer wanting to employ the
biggest superstar of all.

What comes of this dilemma—which was foreseeable and largely spurred by
LeBron’s decision to let money and
[optics](https://bleacherreport.com/articles/10132328-lebron-james-rumors-
rich-pauls-influence-on-lakers-warriors-trade-talks-revealed) supersede his
pursuit of a fifth ring—is anyone’s guess. Will he really be traded to the
Mavericks, Knicks, or Warriors? Could a buyout lead to him signing with the
Cavaliers? As gossip, it’s lush. As far as realistic scenarios go, it’s more
likely that absolutely nothing happens. He opted into his contract and now has
to deal with the consequences of that decision. Whatever those may be, please
wake me when something of consequence actually happens.

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FBeckLebronsAntics_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=256&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/07/nba/lebron-
james-trade-rumors-los-angeles-lakers)

[Welcome to Another Summer of LeBron, I GuessWelcome to Another Summer of
LeBron, I GuessWelcome to Another Summer of LeBron, I GuessWelcome to the
Summer of LeBron. Again.](/2025/07/07/nba/lebron-james-trade-rumors-los-
angeles-lakers)

By [Howard Beck](/creator/howard-beck) • July 7 • 7 min read

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FBeckLebronsAntics_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=256&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/07/nba/lebron-
james-trade-rumors-los-angeles-lakers)

[Welcome to Another Summer of LeBron, I GuessWelcome to Another Summer of
LeBron, I GuessWelcome to Another Summer of LeBron, I GuessWelcome to the
Summer of LeBron. Again.](/2025/07/07/nba/lebron-james-trade-rumors-los-
angeles-lakers)

By [Howard Beck](/creator/howard-beck) • July 7 • 7 min read

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FBeckLebronsAntics_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=384&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/07/nba/lebron-
james-trade-rumors-los-angeles-lakers)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Welcome to Another Summer of LeBron, I GuessWelcome to Another Summer of
LeBron, I GuessWelcome to Another Summer of LeBron, I GuessWelcome to the
Summer of LeBron. Again.](/2025/07/07/nba/lebron-james-trade-rumors-los-
angeles-lakers)

By [Howard Beck](/creator/howard-beck) • July 7 • 7 min read

### **More People Should Be Talking About Victor Wembanyama**

So many teams in the Western Conference had what can modestly be described as
a great summer: The Oklahoma City Thunder extended Jalen Williams and Chet
Holmgren; the Houston Rockets traded for Kevin Durant; the Denver Nuggets
stabilized their flimsy rotation; and the Los Angeles Clippers added both
Bradley Beal and Brook Lopez. All wonderful, necessary, low-risk moves to get
better in a conference that takes no prisoners.

Hiding in plain sight, though, is a galaxy-gobbling monstrosity whose third
season may overshadow all of the above. A year ago, Victor Wembanyama was a
panic-inducing abstraction. More hype than substance, even if the former was
perfectly justified and impossible to exaggerate. Today, at just 21 years old,
[he’s already more potent than notional, well established as the most
intimidating defensive presence the NBA has seen in a very long
time,](https://www.theringer.com/2025/01/23/nba/victor-wembanyana-san-antonio-
spurs-stats-height-all-star) with a growing offensive repertoire that may be
unstoppable sooner rather than later.

I just wonder if Wemby is on the verge of a leap that none of his rivals can
do anything about. If he stays healthy after last year’s blood clot scare, we
should be prepared for an MVP candidate, first-team All-NBA lock, unanimous
Defensive Player of the Year type of explosion. Having De’Aaron Fox—who’s
extension eligible on Aug. 3—running point for a young, athletic, large,
defensive-minded supporting cast doesn’t hurt. If Devin Vassell can stay
upright, Stephon Castle makes notable improvement scoring the ball, and they
get decent contributions from lottery picks Dylan Harper and Carter Bryant,
the Spurs might actually be in business sooner than most reasonable observers
expect them to be.

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_071425_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=256&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/14/a-look-at-the-lakers-with-dan-woike-plus-key-
restricted-free-agents-and-more-with-nekias-duncan)

[A Look at the Lakers With Dan Woike, Plus Key Restricted Free Agents and More
With Nekias DuncanA Look at the Lakers With Dan Woike, Plus Key Restricted
Free Agents and More With Nekias DuncanA Look at the Lakers, Plus Key
Restricted Free AgentsThe Lakers, Plus Restricted Free Agents](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/14/a-look-at-the-lakers-with-dan-woike-plus-key-
restricted-free-agents-and-more-with-nekias-duncan)

[The Zach Lowe ShowThe Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 14
• 1 hr 40 min

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_071425_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=256&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/14/a-look-at-the-lakers-with-dan-woike-plus-key-
restricted-free-agents-and-more-with-nekias-duncan)

[A Look at the Lakers, Plus Key Restricted Free AgentsA Look at the Lakers
With Dan Woike, Plus Key Restricted Free Agents and More With Nekias DuncanA
Look at the Lakers, Plus Key Restricted Free AgentsThe Lakers, Plus Restricted
Free Agents](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/14/a-look-at-the-lakers-
with-dan-woike-plus-key-restricted-free-agents-and-more-with-nekias-duncan)

[The Zach Lowe ShowThe Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 14
• 1 hr 40 min

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_071425_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=384&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/14/a-look-at-the-lakers-with-dan-woike-plus-key-
restricted-free-agents-and-more-with-nekias-duncan)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[A Look at the Lakers With Dan Woike, Plus Key Restricted Free Agents and More
With Nekias DuncanA Look at the Lakers With Dan Woike, Plus Key Restricted
Free Agents and More With Nekias DuncanA Look at the Lakers, Plus Key
Restricted Free AgentsThe Lakers, Plus Restricted Free Agents](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/14/a-look-at-the-lakers-with-dan-woike-plus-key-
restricted-free-agents-and-more-with-nekias-duncan)

[The Zach Lowe ShowThe Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 14
• 1 hr 40 min

### **The NBA’s Era of Incompetence May Be Upon Us**

If the phrase “one is random, two is a coincidence, and three is a trend” is
accurate, then the NBA may be entering its very own amateur hour. The
Sacramento Kings, Phoenix Suns, and New Orleans Pelicans have spent this
summer (at least) behaving with very little self-awareness, concern, or
understanding of what it takes to build a sustainably competitive basketball
team. Their decisions have been shortsighted to the point of disorientation.
Some even carry a whiff of the same delusional stench of a bygone era, when
dumb was chic and NBA front offices didn’t know how to execute whatever plan
they decided to pursue.

By snuffing out [the delightful “Light the Beam”
era](https://www.theringer.com/2023/04/17/nba/sacramento-kings-golden-state-
warriors-mike-brown-vivek-ranadive-2023-playoffs) with one dysfunctional move
after another, the Kings have gone out of their way to remind a long-suffering
fan base that their past traumas very much still exist. Most recently, they
traded Jonas Valanciunas (a solid backup) for Dario Saric (a flimsy 12th man)
so they could cut enough salary to afford Dennis Schröder, an illogical fit
for a team that already has Malik Monk, DeMar DeRozan, and Zach LaVine on it.
Sacramento might have the worst defense in the league and should be obligated
to free Domantas Sabonis before his prime wastes away. What a mess.

The Suns can’t be analyzed before I spend at least five minutes sucking my
teeth. They waived and stretched Bradley Beal—gluing $19.4 million of dead
money onto their books for the next five seasons—to avoid the luxury tax one
year after Mat Ishbia publicly scolded the rest of the league for not
venturing into the second apron. Such an about-face would be comical if it
wasn’t also a painful reminder of how the whims of one arrogant man can sink
the hopes and dreams of an entire fan base. Trading Durant for Jalen Green,
Dillon Brooks, and their own first-round pick, using that pick to select
center Khaman Maluach, and then offloading their last _tradable_ pick for Mark
Williams (another center!) is all such a terrible way to allocate scarce
resources.

Adding insult to injury, the Suns tacked two years and $145 million onto Devin
Booker’s contract when he’s already signed through 2028 (and will turn 29 in
October). It was a predictably desperate gasp from an organization that’s dead
set on pretending it can be relevant over the next few years. Booker is
awesome. But, in business, loyalty and self-destruction often go hand-in-hand.
Instead of extending him this summer, Phoenix should’ve canvassed the league
for a massive windfall and begun the process of a sincere rebuild. That’s what
a prudent team would’ve done. This one, though, has delayed the inevitable and
will likely suffer for it.

Last but not least, shout-out to Joe Dumars, Troy Weaver, and the Pelicans.
What a month. After a bewildering series of moves that included the
acquisition of Jordan Poole and a [cataclysmic decision to trade away an
unprotected first-round pick in next year’s
draft](https://www.theringer.com/2025/06/26/nba-draft/nba-draft-2025-winners-
losers-pelicans-trade-first-round-analysis) (still funny) just so they could
move up to take Derik Queen—someone who best functions in the exact same role
franchise player Zion Williamson already fills—New Orleans managed to scrounge
up enough sense to extend Herb Jones, a defensive thorn who will hopefully be
traded to a serious franchise once he’s eligible in January.

So far as I can tell, the Kings, Suns, and Pelicans don’t have a credo that
extends beyond the mistaken belief that they should be taken seriously. Their
respective ownership groups are either blinded by ego or negligently
indifferent. They expect to win without a foundational identity or a roster
that’s anywhere close to making the playoffs.

(The Dallas Mavericks would be in this group if not for a stroke of dumb luck
in May’s lottery, and [almost three years after I wrote this
piece](https://www.theringer.com/2022/11/28/nba/chicago-bulls-zach-lavine-
demar-derozan-nikola-vucevic) about the Chicago Bulls, there’s no conclusion
to draw from their actions other than a guiding principle that can be summed
up as “we enjoy being mediocre and will do whatever it takes to stay that
way.”)

### **The Brooklyn Nets’ Moves, Though, Make Sense**

Perhaps I’m in the minority, but every time I look at the moves Brooklyn made
this summer—as an organization currently sitting near rock-bottom of a lengthy
rebuild with little interest in committing any shortcuts to end it—I think
most of them are rational, if not shrewd.

Fully realizing how blurry a bleak situation can appear when scrutinized too
closely, let’s zoom out: Heading into last month’s draft, the Nets had
multiple first-round picks and more cap space than every other team combined.
They then spent the next few weeks combining those resources to telegraph
their desire to be an abomination in 2026. First, they participated in a
three-team trade that brought back Terance Mann and the draft’s no. 22 pick
from Atlanta. Then, instead of trading any of their picks, they broke
precedent and used all five of them to construct what has to be one of the
least experienced rosters in recent league history. (Full disclosure, as
someone who doesn’t watch college basketball: Egor Dëmin is my favorite player
in this class. He’s a brilliant shot creator and his iffy 3-point stroke
looked gorgeous throughout Las Vegas summer league.)

A couple of weeks later, they moved Cam Johnson to the Denver Nuggets for
Michael Porter Jr.’s expensive contract and an unprotected 2032 first-rounder,
which could be the most valuable incoming trade asset in the league. It’s all
what a smart front office with cap space should do: Take unwanted salary off
another team’s hands and then make them pay you a premium for it. In this
case, Brooklyn also received a more talented player who’s nearly three years
younger than the one they let go.

Yes, flatter lottery odds make the Nets’ strategy less certain than something
like it would’ve been a few years ago, but their implementation of it is
sound. Brooklyn doesn’t control its own pick in 2027 and would like to draft a
franchise player before then. Even if the ping-pong balls don’t go the Nets’
way next year, they still have nine tradable future first-round picks—which is
three more than any other team—including unprotected picks from the Knicks in
2027, 2029, and 2031 from the Mikal Bridges trade. That’s … phenomenal.

### **The Celtics Will Be (Very?) Bad**

This is a prediction disguised as an observation: In light of Jayson Tatum’s
ruptured Achilles tendon and every personnel decision they’ve made since, it’s
more than fair to believe that the Celtics are preparing to tank away this
upcoming season. A frontcourt rotation of Neemias Queta, Luka Garza, and
Xavier Tillman speaks volumes. Boston is still in the second apron and about
$20 million over the luxury tax, but, regardless of what Brad Stevens has
said, it would be a true stunner if it didn’t shed more money during the
season to dodge repeater tax penalties. The likely casualties are Anfernee
Simons and Georges Niang, but no one should be shocked if/when Sam Hauser gets
traded.

Being bad makes a lot of sense for the Celtics. So does consistently letting
Baylor Scheierman, Hugo Gonzalez, JD Davison, and Josh Minott dictate action
with the ball in their hands instead of putting unnecessary miles on Jaylen
Brown and Derrick White’s legs. If they go that route, having one of the worst
records in the league will definitely be on the table. End of article

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2024%2F11%2FPina_Michael.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/creator/michael-
pina)

[Michael PinaMichael Pina](/creator/michael-pina)Michael Pina is a senior
staff writer at The Ringer who covers the NBA.

[](https://x.com/MichaelVPina)[](https://www.instagram.com/michaelvpina/)

**Newsletter**

Yep, we have one too

By submitting, you agree to our [Terms](/terms-and-conditions) and [Privacy
Policy](/privacy-policy).

Most Read

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FParsonsTrades_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)

[Six Dream Micah Parsons Trade Scenarios](/2025/08/04/nfl/micah-parsons-trade-
request-dream-scenarios-jerry-jones)

* * *

[Luka’s Summer, Shaq’s Shadow, and the Lakers’ New
Beginning](/2025/08/04/nba/luka-doncic-los-angeles-lakers-contract-extension-
weight-mens-health)

* * *

[The Micah Parsons Mess Is Jerry Jones’s Latest Act of Self-
Sabotage](/2025/08/04/nfl/micah-parsons-jerry-jones-dallas-cowboys-
negotiation)

* * *

[Superheroes Have Gotten Superfluously Swole](/2025/08/05/movies/superheroes-
have-gotten-superfluously-swole-mcu-dcu)

## Continue Reading

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FNewLuka_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/08/04/nba/luka-
doncic-los-angeles-lakers-contract-extension-weight-mens-health)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Luka’s Summer, Shaq’s Shadow, and the Lakers’ New BeginningLuka’s Summer,
Shaq’s Shadow, and the Lakers’ New BeginningLuka’s Summer, Shaq’s Shadow, and
the Lakers’ New BeginningLuka’s Summer of Change and the Shadow of
Shaq](/2025/08/04/nba/luka-doncic-los-angeles-lakers-contract-extension-
weight-mens-health)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2024%2F11%2FChau_Danny.jpg&w=64&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/creator/danny-
chau)

By [Danny Chau](/creator/danny-chau) • Aug. 4 • 10 min read

[](/2025/08/04/nba/luka-doncic-los-angeles-lakers-contract-extension-weight-
mens-health)

## Keep Exploring

[F1](/topic/f1)[DC](/topic/dc)[Health](/topic/health)[Books](/topic/books)[Tennis](/topic/tennis)[The
Bear](/topic/the-bear)[The Last of Us](/topic/the-last-of-
us)[NHL](/topic/nhl)[Exit Surveys](/topic/exit-surveys)[John
Wick](/topic/john-wick)

Latest in NBA

[](/topic/nba)

[1:21:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FV2_MM-
Thumb-080525-Trello.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-season)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[20 Questions About the Upcoming NBA Season20 Questions About the Upcoming NBA
Season](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-
season)

[The Mismatch](/podcasts/the-mismatch) • Aug. 5

[](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-
season)

[1:21:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FV2_MM-
Thumb-080525-Trello.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-season)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[20 Questions About the Upcoming NBA Season20 Questions About the Upcoming NBA
Season](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-
season)

[The Mismatch](/podcasts/the-mismatch) • Aug. 5

[](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-
season)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FPittsburgh-Pirates-v-San-Francisco-
Giants.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/new-
york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-recaps-the-yankees-
and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[MLB](/topic/mlb)

[Yankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges, and MoreMark Zinno
Recaps the Yankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges, and Top
10 Billy Joel SongsYankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges,
and MoreYankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-
john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-recaps-the-yankees-and-mets-trade-
deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[New York, New York with John Jastremski](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-
john-jastremski) • Aug. 1 • 1 hr 19 min

[](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-
recaps-the-yankees-and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-
top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FPittsburgh-Pirates-v-San-Francisco-
Giants.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/new-
york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-recaps-the-yankees-
and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[MLB](/topic/mlb)

[Mark Zinno Recaps the Yankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend
Bridges, and Top 10 Billy Joel SongsMark Zinno Recaps the Yankees’ and Mets’
Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges, and Top 10 Billy Joel SongsYankees’ and
Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges, and MoreYankees’ and Mets’ Trade
Deadline](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-
zinno-recaps-the-yankees-and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-
top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[New York, New York with John Jastremski](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-
john-jastremski) • Aug. 1 • 1 hr 19 min

[](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-
recaps-the-yankees-and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-
top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[2:04:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2F7-30_BS_Pod_YT_Thumb_No_Text.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-rhodes-on-being-
the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-of-kayfabe)

[WWE](/topic/wwe)

[Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and More.Euro
NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, Leaving AEW, Feuding With
John Cena, and the Rules of Kayfabe.Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on
Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and More.Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and
More](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-
cody-rhodes-on-being-the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-
rules-of-kayfabe)

[The Bill Simmons Podcast](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast) • Aug. 1

[](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-
rhodes-on-being-the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-
of-kayfabe)

[2:04:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2F7-30_BS_Pod_YT_Thumb_No_Text.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-rhodes-on-being-
the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-of-kayfabe)

[WWE](/topic/wwe)

[Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, Leaving AEW, Feuding
With John Cena, and the Rules of Kayfabe.Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes
on Being WWE’s Guy, Leaving AEW, Feuding With John Cena, and the Rules of
Kayfabe.Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and
More.Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and More](/podcasts/the-bill-
simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-rhodes-on-being-the-
wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-of-kayfabe)

[The Bill Simmons Podcast](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast) • Aug. 1

[](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-
rhodes-on-being-the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-
of-kayfabe)

[1:17:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FRinger-Site-Thumbnail-Group-
Chat-3.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/group-
chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-the-2025-26-season)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[What We Think We Know About the 2025-26 SeasonWhat We Think We Know About the
2025-26 Season2025-26 Season: What We Think We Know](/podcasts/group-
chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-the-2025-26-season)

[Group Chat](/podcasts/group-chat) • July 31

[](/podcasts/group-chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-
the-2025-26-season)

[1:17:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FRinger-Site-Thumbnail-Group-
Chat-3.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/group-
chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-the-2025-26-season)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[What We Think We Know About the 2025-26 SeasonWhat We Think We Know About the
2025-26 Season2025-26 Season: What We Think We Know](/podcasts/group-
chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-the-2025-26-season)

[Group Chat](/podcasts/group-chat) • July 31

[](/podcasts/group-chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-
the-2025-26-season)

[1:56:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_073125_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-offseason-with-fred-
katz-tv-recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-check-in-plus-mets-
corner-continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[NBA Offseason Moves, TV Recs, the Lakers, and Mets CornerUnder-the-Radar
Moves of the Offseason With Fred Katz, TV Recommendations With Joanna
Robinson, and a Lakers Check-In. Plus, Mets Corner Continues With Sean
Fennessey.NBA Offseason Moves, TV Recs, the Lakers, and Mets CornerNBA
Offseason Moves, TV Recs, and More](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-
show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-offseason-with-fred-katz-tv-
recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-check-in-plus-mets-corner-
continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[The Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 31

[](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-
offseason-with-fred-katz-tv-recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-
check-in-plus-mets-corner-continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[1:56:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_073125_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-offseason-with-fred-
katz-tv-recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-check-in-plus-mets-
corner-continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Under-the-Radar Moves of the Offseason With Fred Katz, TV Recommendations
With Joanna Robinson, and a Lakers Check-In. Plus, Mets Corner Continues With
Sean Fennessey.Under-the-Radar Moves of the Offseason With Fred Katz, TV
Recommendations With Joanna Robinson, and a Lakers Check-In. Plus, Mets Corner
Continues With Sean Fennessey.NBA Offseason Moves, TV Recs, the Lakers, and
Mets CornerNBA Offseason Moves, TV Recs, and More](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-
show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-offseason-with-fred-katz-tv-
recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-check-in-plus-mets-corner-
continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[The Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 31

[](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-
offseason-with-fred-katz-tv-recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-
check-in-plus-mets-corner-continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[1:25:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FMM_Thumb_072825_Trello.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-jas-joy-and-is-
lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[NBA Story Lines: Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and LeBron’s 2026 PlansNBA Summer
Story Lines: A Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and Is LeBron Really Planning for
2026?NBA Story Lines: Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and LeBron’s 2026 PlansNBA
Summer Story Lines](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-
a-motivated-luka-jas-joy-and-is-lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[The Mismatch](/podcasts/the-mismatch) • July 29

[](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-
jas-joy-and-is-lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[1:25:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FMM_Thumb_072825_Trello.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-jas-joy-and-is-
lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[NBA Summer Story Lines: A Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and Is LeBron Really
Planning for 2026?NBA Summer Story Lines: A Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and Is
LeBron Really Planning for 2026?NBA Story Lines: Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and
LeBron’s 2026 PlansNBA Summer Story Lines](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-jas-joy-and-is-
lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[The Mismatch](/podcasts/the-mismatch) • July 29

[](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-
jas-joy-and-is-lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fringersitethumbog_vv.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/off-
guard-with-austin-rivers/2025/07/28/chris-paul-returns-to-the-clippers-and-
mount-rushmore-talk)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Chris Paul Returns to the Clippers and Mount Rushmore TalkChris Paul Returns
to the Clippers and Mount Rushmore TalkChris Paul’s Return and Mount Rushmore
Talk](/podcasts/off-guard-with-austin-rivers/2025/07/28/chris-paul-returns-to-
the-clippers-and-mount-rushmore-talk)

[Off Guard with Austin Rivers](/podcasts/off-guard-with-austin-rivers) • July
28 • 1 hr 11 min

[](/podcasts/off-guard-with-austin-rivers/2025/07/28/chris-paul-returns-to-
the-clippers-and-mount-rushmore-talk)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fringersitethumbog_vv.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/off-
guard-with-austin-rivers/2025/07/28/chris-paul-returns-to-the-clippers-and-
mount-rushmore-talk)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Chris Paul Returns to the Clippers and Mount Rushmore TalkChris Paul Returns
to the Clippers and Mount Rushmore TalkChris Paul’s Return and Mount Rushmore
Talk](/podcasts/off-guard-with-austin-rivers/2025/07/28/chris-paul-returns-to-
the-clippers-and-mount-rushmore-talk)

[Off Guard with Austin Rivers](/podcasts/off-guard-with-austin-rivers) • July
28 • 1 hr 11 min

[](/podcasts/off-guard-with-austin-rivers/2025/07/28/chris-paul-returns-to-
the-clippers-and-mount-rushmore-talk)

[1:45:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_072825-scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/28/most-intriguing-players-next-season-with-howard-
beck-and-all-things-mavericks-with-tim-cato)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Most Intriguing Players Next Season and All Things MavericksMost Intriguing
Players Next Season With Howard Beck and All Things Mavericks With Tim
CatoMost Intriguing Players Next Season and All Things MavericksMost
Intriguing NBA Players and All Things Mavs](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-
show/2025/07/28/most-intriguing-players-next-season-with-howard-beck-and-all-
things-mavericks-with-tim-cato)

[The Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 28

[](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/28/most-intriguing-players-next-
season-with-howard-beck-and-all-things-mavericks-with-tim-cato)

[1:45:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_072825-scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/28/most-intriguing-players-next-season-with-howard-
beck-and-all-things-mavericks-with-tim-cato)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Most Intriguing Players Next Season With Howard Beck and All Things Mavericks
With Tim CatoMost Intriguing Players Next Season With Howard Beck and All
Things Mavericks With Tim CatoMost Intriguing Players Next Season and All
Things MavericksMost Intriguing NBA Players and All Things
Mavs](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/28/most-intriguing-players-next-
season-with-howard-beck-and-all-things-mavericks-with-tim-cato)

[The Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 28

[](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/28/most-intriguing-players-next-
season-with-howard-beck-and-all-things-mavericks-with-tim-cato)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fjokichorse_getty_ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-
jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Let Nikola Jokic Enjoy His Side QuestLet Nikola Jokic Enjoy His Side
Quest](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

By [Tyler Parker](/creator/tyler-parker) • July 30 • 4 min read

[](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fjokichorse_getty_ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-
jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Let Nikola Jokic Enjoy His Side QuestLet Nikola Jokic Enjoy His Side
Quest](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

By [Tyler Parker](/creator/tyler-parker) • July 30 • 4 min read

[](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FBestRemainingFreeAgents_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-
free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-westbrook-rumors)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Tupperware All-Stars: The Best Leftovers in NBA Free AgencyTupperware All-
Stars: The Best Leftovers in NBA Free AgencyTupperware All-Stars: The NBA’s
Best Leftovers](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-
westbrook-rumors)

By [Michael Pina](/creator/michael-pina) • July 29 • 8 min read

[](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-westbrook-rumors)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FBestRemainingFreeAgents_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-
free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-westbrook-rumors)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Tupperware All-Stars: The Best Leftovers in NBA Free AgencyTupperware All-
Stars: The Best Leftovers in NBA Free AgencyTupperware All-Stars: The NBA’s
Best Leftovers](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-
westbrook-rumors)

By [Michael Pina](/creator/michael-pina) • July 29 • 8 min read

[](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-westbrook-rumors)

[Contact](/contact)[Masthead](/2024/11/21/announcements/masthead)[Shop](https://theringer.merchtable.com/)

**Newsletter**

Yep, we have one too

### Archive

We’ve been around since Brady was a QB

[Take Me There](/archive)

[Terms of Use](https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/end-user-
agreement/)[Privacy](https://spotify.com/legal/privacy-policy)

Your Privacy Choices[Cookies](https://www.spotify.com/legal/cookies-policy/
"Cookies")

[Accessibility](https://www.spotify.com/us/accessibility)

© 2025 Spotify

[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/ringer/)[X](https://x.com/ringer)

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/ot_company_logo.png)

## Tailored Advertising Opt-out

Spotify may collect and share some of your personal data associated with this
browser or device with some of our partners for certain purposes such as
targeted advertising on their platforms. For example, we may share your cookie
data with a marketing partner to inform you of one of our latest promotions
while you are on their platform.  
  
**The option below allows you to opt-out of the processing of such personal
data**  
  
**Note** : Spotify may share additional personal data with third parties for
tailored advertising purposes if you have a Spotify account. This toggle does
not facilitate your privacy choices for any personal data associated with your
Spotify account if you have not logged in.  
  
Please log in to your account to manage your privacy choices associated with
your Spotify account.  
[Log in here](https://accounts.spotify.com)

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Enable Tailored Advertising

Enable Tailored Advertising

  * #####  First Party Targeting Cookies

Switch Label label

These cookies may be used to deliver targeted advertisements and to build a
profile of your interests. If you do not allow these cookies you will still
experience advertising but it will be less tailored to you.

  * ##### Store and access information on a device

Switch Label label

Cookies, device or similar online identifiers together with other information
(e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported
technologies, etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each
time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes
presented here.

#### Other Cookies used on this site

Always Active

  * ##### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the service to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the service will not then
work.

  * ##### First Party Functional Cookies

Always Active

These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not
function properly.

  * ##### First Party Performance Cookies

Always Active

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our services. They help us to know which pages
are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the platform.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor the
performance of our services.

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://pixel.spotify.com/v1/sync?nojs=1)

