[](/)

Discover

anything

Discover

anything

[Videos](/videos)[Podcasts](/podcasts)

[The Latest](https://www.theringer.com/archive?m=article)[The
Latest](https://www.theringer.com/archive?m=article)[Fantasy Football
Rankings](https://theringer.com/fantasy-football/2025)[Fantasy Football
Rankings](https://theringer.com/fantasy-
football/2025)[NBA](/topic/nba)[NBA](/topic/nba)[NFL](/topic/nfl)[NFL](/topic/nfl)[The
Fantastic Four](https://www.theringer.com/topic/marvel)[The Fantastic
Four](https://www.theringer.com/topic/marvel)[TV](/topic/tv)[TV](/topic/tv)[Movies](/topic/movies)[Movies](/topic/movies)[MLB](/topic/mlb)[MLB](/topic/mlb)[Events](https://www.theringer.com/events)[Events](https://www.theringer.com/events)[The
Streaming Guide](https://streamingguide.theringer.com/#top-tens)[The Streaming
Guide](https://streamingguide.theringer.com/#top-
tens)[Soccer](/topic/soccer)[Soccer](/topic/soccer)[Music](/topic/music)[Music](/topic/music)[Simmons
Pod](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast)[Simmons
Pod](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-
podcast)[Rewatchables](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-
rewatchables)[Rewatchables](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-
rewatchables)[NBA Top 100](https://nbarankings.theringer.com/)[NBA Top
100](https://nbarankings.theringer.com/)[Big
Picture](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-big-picture)[Big
Picture](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-big-picture)[Russillo
Pod](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-ryen-russillo-podcast)[Russillo
Pod](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-ryen-russillo-podcast)[The
Watch](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-watch)[The
Watch](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-watch)[Higher
Learning](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/higher-learning-van-lathan-
rachel-lindsay)[Higher Learning](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/higher-
learning-van-lathan-rachel-lindsay)[House of R](/podcasts/house-of-r)[House of
R](/podcasts/house-of-r)[The Town](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-
town-with-matthew-belloni)[The Town](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-
town-with-matthew-belloni)[Plain
English](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/plain-english-with-derek-
thompson)[Plain English](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/plain-english-
with-derek-thompson)

[](/)

ShareLuka’s Summer, Shaq’s Shadow, and the Lakers’ New Beginning

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2024%2F11%2FChau_Danny.jpg&w=128&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/creator/danny-
chau)

By [Danny Chau](/creator/danny-chau)Aug. 4, 9:48 am EDT • 10 min

[NBA](/topic/nba)[NBA](/topic/nba)

# Luka’s Summer, Shaq’s Shadow, and the Lakers’ New Beginning

The Lakers once let a superstar go because he wouldn’t get into shape. Now
they’ve bet everything on one who finally did.

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FNewLuka_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)

Getty Images/Ringer illustration

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2024%2F11%2FChau_Danny.jpg&w=128&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/creator/danny-
chau)

By [Danny Chau](/creator/danny-chau)Aug. 4, 9:48 am EDT • 10 min

[ _The journey begins_](https://x.com/Lakers/status/1951679597629845790) _._

The Los Angeles Lakers used just those three words on their social media
accounts on Saturday, echoing Luka Doncic’s announcement of his three-year,
$165 million maximum extension with the team—a contract with a player option
in the final year that, should he decline it, would make him eligible for the
10-year-veteran maximum extension, currently estimated at $417 million over
five years. _The journey begins._ Curious wording, given that Doncic has
already played 33 games in forum blue and gold. But sometimes semantics bow to
a deeper, unavoidable truth. With Doncic’s blessing, Los Angeles has secured
both its present and future. With those three words, the storied franchise has
effectively announced a new era, one that has been consciously designed from
the moment the Lakers made [the most surprising trade the league has ever
seen](https://www.theringer.com/2025/02/02/nba/luka-doncic-trade-anthony-
davis-dallas-mavericks-los-angeles-lakers) back in February.

Luka adds a certain novelty to the Lakers’ all-time constellation of
cornerstone stars. For six decades, the franchise’s very best perimeter
players (Elgin Baylor, Jerry West, Magic Johnson, and Kobe Bryant) have been
homegrown lifers, whereas its defining interior titans (Wilt Chamberlain,
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, and Shaquille O’Neal) were brought into orbit. LeBron
James, in his omnipositionality, rendered the dividing line moot. And in so
many ways, Luka follows in James’s footsteps—this time, as a mutation of what
had been the order of things within the Lakers organization.

Doncic has the talent, style, and star power to simultaneously embody the
spirit of the two greatest Lakers ever in Magic and Kobe. He has Magic’s
magnetism, joy, and imagination, the touch and vision to create miracles out
of thin air; he has the ruthless aggression and sense of on-court supremacy of
Kobe, the ability and drive to do the hard thing the hard way—and less than
two seasons ago, was just eight points shy of Kobe’s 81-point performance in
2006, which effectively stands as the NBA’s modern-day single-game scoring
record.

And yet, amid his transformational summer in the lead-up to the extension
signing, I can’t help but think of Doncic within a more specific context of
Lakers history, his circumstantial connection to _another_ defining Lakers
star. As Luka is paraded as the literal picture of [_Men’s
Health_](https://www.menshealth.com/fitness/a65488151/luka-doncic-body-
transformation/) after years of questions about his commitment to physical
conditioning, I’ve found myself thinking about how the factors that brought
Doncic to L.A. in 2025 are the same ones that drove Shaq out in 2004. In that
sense, Luka closes a loop in the organization that arose around the time he
was born. (Lakers history doesn’t always repeat, but it often rhymes in the
same AABB scheme that every one of Shaq’s rap tracks employs.)

The serious questions surrounding Shaq’s weight began in earnest in the fall
of 1999, when O’Neal [tipped the scales at 340 pounds
](https://www.latimes.com/archives/la-
xpm-1999-oct-07-sp-19883-story.html)during a mandatory weigh-in at training
camp. He’d been [cultivating
mass](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFB3L1FZnqY) in an effort to steel
himself from an oncoming onslaught from opposing centers hacking at him every
possession down the floor. “I’m not unhappy about it,” Lakers coach Phil
Jackson told reporters at the time. “I’m not going to disagree with Shaq about
those types of things because he gets fouled harder than anyone in the game. …
But all the other parameters going into it, getting up and down the court, the
idea that he’s had a knee that was injured two years ago, he’s had the stomach
injury, all those things are better served if there’s less weight.”

**Newsletter**

Yep, we have one too

By submitting, you agree to our [Terms](/terms-and-conditions) and [Privacy
Policy](/privacy-policy).

Of course, that 1999-2000 season would go on to be arguably the best of Shaq’s
career, a pivotal MVP-winning breakthrough, fully leveraging his overwhelming
size and strength. It would be the first of three consecutive Finals MVP
seasons—a feat that only he and Michael Jordan know anything about. Growing
up, watching Shaq’s most dominant years was the first time I’d consciously
decoupled peak _athleticism_ from peak _performance_. Shaq’s LSU and Orlando
Magic days were an otherworldly terror of unbridled explosiveness, but he
couldn’t affect winning the way a much heftier, much slower Shaq could. But
weight, fair or not, is always cast as a burden, even in a unique case like
O’Neal’s. Since he was playing alongside Kobe, whose maniacal work ethic had
quickly become legend, Shaq’s weight fluctuations became a marker for
unseriousness when they could have just as easily been construed as a quasi-
commitment to fortifying his castle walls. Lord knows those walls were
constantly bombarded.  

Similarly, Dallas had its first serious discussions about Luka’s weight a few
years ago. “The Mavericks’ key figures have talked to Doncic about decreasing
his preferred playing weight this summer,” Mavericks beat reporter Tim Cato
[wrote in 2023](https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4697582/2023/07/24/mavericks-
mailbag-luka-doncic-kyrie-irving/). It came amid buzz circulating online about
[Luka’s
physique](https://twitter.com/Alvaro_varito/status/1688984129101041664?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1688984129101041664%7Ctwgr%5Efdd826e7c0a1c99328cef5f085fc57444bd6c3d8%7Ctwcon%5Es1_&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Flarrybrownsports.com%2Fbasketball%2Fluka-
doncic-skinny-slim-slovenia%2F618889) at the 2023 FIBA World Cup, looking as
svelte as he does these days in L.A. The weight didn’t stay off—if it did,
perhaps none of this [_gesticulates wildly, trying to convey the entirety of
the past six months_]__ would have happened. Yet, of course, despite the
rumblings and apparent conditioning issues, that 2023-24 season would go on to
be the best of Luka’s career, culminating in an improbable Finals run, even
though he was battling through a thoracic contusion, a right knee sprain, and
left ankle soreness. Peak Luka, as we knew him, was doughy and hobbled. Is it
so wrong to think that might just be the case?

If this beach bod world tour he’s been on holds him more accountable as far as
maintaining his streamlined figure, perhaps Doncic will offer the Lakers
organization and its fans something Shaq never could in his prime: an
opportunity to fairly compare and contrast. For years, Shaq made summer
headlines by going on intensive cardio workout plans or [hiring an ex-
Marine](https://www.espn.com/nba/news/2003/0614/1568174.html) to work him into
shape. But in his final five campaigns with the Lakers, Shaq came into every
season heavier than the last, besieged by a nagging toe injury that he’d
delayed surgery on. (Still, he was a top-five MVP candidate in four of those
five seasons.)

O’Neal swore by coming into training camp at 75 percent and gradually working
his way back up. “You can’t come into basketball season in game shape unless
you play every day, and I couldn’t do that anymore without my body breaking
down,” he wrote in his [2011
memoir](https://www.google.ca/books/edition/Shaq_Uncut/rqRPwiOyEcgC?hl=en&gbpv=0).
Doncic, on the other hand, has historically had the opposite problem: Summers
have been spent playing basketball incessantly, if not for skills training,
then for his country; he always arrived in game shape, but with additional
mileage. It wasn’t the offseason that was the issue; it was the season itself.
The all-consuming limitations of an NBA travel schedule exacerbated the
effects of Doncic’s generous, growing-boy diet; never mind any injuries he’d
accrue that would limit his time on the court.

Doncic in year eight offers a sort of wish fulfillment, a way to realize the
imagined form of Luka in the minds of the basketball public. There are certain
unquestionable benefits to carrying less weight on the court. Doncic may not
suddenly transform into OG Anunoby, but he’ll have more energy to expend on
the defensive end. Some of the latent explosiveness Doncic occasionally
brandished in his early Dallas days could return. Luka dunked just twice last
season: once with the Mavericks, once with the Lakers. He attempted 27 dunks
in his rookie season, eight more tries than Doncic had in his past three
seasons (19) combined. Luka’s first blow-by dunk at Crypto.com Arena this
season might register a higher decibel reading than [Ben Simmons’s first
career 3-pointer at the Wells Fargo
Center.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NkwqT1cqEX4)

Luka’s camp has suggested that this transformation was always part of the
plan, that it would have happened even if there hadn’t been an element of
revenge from getting blindsided midseason. That makes sense—dudes can take a
long-ass time to figure out what’s good for them! But hopefully the
expectation of this grand resculpting project is centered on longevity:
Doncic’s current average of 64 games played per season falls short of the
NBA’s dreaded 65-game rule for awards qualification, but more importantly,
we’ve seen what Luka can do in the playoffs—now, we want to see him do it in
peak condition.

That endurance from April to June is more important than mining for speed and
explosiveness that hadn’t previously been on display. The wonder in Doncic’s
game has always been apparent, no matter his playing weight. There are few
players in the world whose body and mind are as coordinated. The way he
seamlessly transfers from a weightless behind-the-back dribble, adjusting the
length and width of his strides, to delivering a thundering shoulder as a
means of creating new passing windows or scoring opportunities—that’s where
Luka Magic lies, at the intersection of grace and bewildering power.

There is an impulse to romanticize the road that athletes take to get closer
to a [Vitruvian ideal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vitruvian_Man), but not
everyone has access to the Giannis Antetokounmpo path. Admittedly, part of the
joy in watching Luka’s development over the years has been observing how his
talent shines irrespective of his body’s limitations in a given season. Speed
kills, but it also fades; there is a sense that whatever governs Luka’s
basketball mastery might be eternal.

“I think I was a good basketball player back then, no matter what people say,”
Doncic recently said, perhaps alluding to rumors that he’d weighed as much as
270 pounds last season as a member of the Mavericks. “I think it was the next
step in my career. At the end, I’m still 26 and I have a long way to go.”  

Indeed, the Wonder Boy is 26. Old enough to know better, and young enough for
that to matter. Like I said, there’s time to compare, contrast, and transpose
these various versions of Luka. All the what-ifs anyone has had about Luka’s
game can still be answered in his prime. If this is truly a revenge tour,
we’ll see the fruits of his labor shortly. For Shaq, all the what-ifs only
deepened with time. When the Lakers eventually found his conditioning
untenable and unworthy of a long-term extension, they traded him to the Heat
in 2004. In Miami, shedding weight was an act of revenge, sure, but it was
also a mandate from the front office. Team president Pat Riley had installed
his infamous body fat requirements for the Heat in those days: Guards had to
be at 6 percent, forwards at 7 to 8 percent, and centers at 10 percent. In his
final years with the Lakers, Shaq regularly hovered above 16 percent.

“Pat told me he wanted me slim, so what I did this summer, I just laid off the
weights. My other summers have been weight, weight, weight,” Shaq told
reporters in 2004. “Because I take a beating. I’m the NBA’s best NFL player,
so I wanted to get real big and solid so I could take those beatings, and
muscle weighs more than fat. But this summer, no weights, all cardio. Got that
down to 335 and hopefully by the end of training camp, be 325, 330.”

Shaq’s listed weight in Miami was 325, and there were glowing accounts and
reviews of his fitness then. But he hardly looks back at his time in Miami
fondly. “There’s no question by trying to get my body fat down I became more
injury-prone,” Shaq wrote in his
[memoir](https://www.google.ca/books/edition/Shaq_Uncut/rqRPwiOyEcgC?hl=en&gbpv=1&pg=PT5&printsec=frontcover).
“I never had any of the ticky-tacky injuries I got until I went to Miami. I
had no cushion, no buffering. Pat forgot to take into account the pounding my
body took, day in and day out, going for those rebounds he wanted me to get. I
was too much of a power player to take that kind of abuse on that lean of a
body. I had more injuries in my time with Miami than anywhere else in my
career.”

The question of Shaq’s post-Lakers decline became a chicken-or-egg conundrum:
Were his injury-marred seasons in Miami due to the lack of natural insulation
he’d grown accustomed to in L.A., or was he suffering from the cumulative
stress on his body at the knife’s edge of his gilded years? That’s a
distinction between Shaq’s and Luka’s respective ousters: The Lakers got rid
of a 32-year-old Shaq because they were afraid of his post-prime years; the
Mavs got rid of a 25-year-old Luka because they were afraid of supporting his
prime years. The former is defensible, even logical; the latter is losing a
game of 4D chess against yourself.  

Still, NBA summers are all about optics and PR battles. For all his health
struggles in Miami to come, Shaq nailed his shot at revenge during his first
season with the Heat, finishing as the MVP runner-up. Given how intent Luka
and his representation are on publicizing this transformation across numerous
media, Doncic has already secured a flawless victory. How that translates to
the season is still in question. For all of the added attention this time
around, Luka hasn’t really shown us anything we hadn’t already seen from him
before. Will the rigors of the season fell him, as they have in the past, or
has he built up the necessary resistance over these past three months? Not
even Luka can know for sure at this stage. But in the meantime, what we do
know is that in just half a year, Luka and the Lakers organization have found
a common understanding that seemed to elude Doncic in Dallas. The Lakers went
out of their way to show their trust in their newfound star; Doncic, in turn,
rewarded them with a commitment—both in conditioning and on paper—that the
Mavericks desperately wanted but ultimately denied themselves.

In a 2005 postseason interview with the late Lakers owner Jerry Buss, at the
end of a campaign that saw the Lakers miss the playoffs for the first time in
more than a decade, Buss was asked if he had any regrets about trading O’Neal.  

“He’s 60 pounds lighter in Miami than he was in Los Angeles. My reaction was:
If he was not willing to get in shape—which he had five, eight years, some
number of times to do, and we urged him—it seems that the motivation for him
to lose weight was to trade him,” Buss told reporters. “As you know, Shaq is
in his middle-30s and it might be difficult to build around him. I suspect if
I had known he was going to lose 60 pounds I probably would have made a
different decision.”

Time will tell whether Nico Harrison musters a similar admission this time
next year.End of article

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2024%2F11%2FChau_Danny.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/creator/danny-
chau)

[Danny ChauDanny Chau](/creator/danny-chau)Chau writes about the NBA and
gustatory pleasures, among other things. He is the host of ‘Shift Meal.’ He is
based in Toronto.

[](https://x.com/dannychau)[](https://www.instagram.com/dannykingchau/?hl=en)

**Newsletter**

Yep, we have one too

By submitting, you agree to our [Terms](/terms-and-conditions) and [Privacy
Policy](/privacy-policy).

Most Read

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FParsonsTrades_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)

[Six Dream Micah Parsons Trade Scenarios](/2025/08/04/nfl/micah-parsons-trade-
request-dream-scenarios-jerry-jones)

* * *

[Luka’s Summer, Shaq’s Shadow, and the Lakers’ New
Beginning](/2025/08/04/nba/luka-doncic-los-angeles-lakers-contract-extension-
weight-mens-health)

* * *

[The Micah Parsons Mess Is Jerry Jones’s Latest Act of Self-
Sabotage](/2025/08/04/nfl/micah-parsons-jerry-jones-dallas-cowboys-
negotiation)

* * *

[Superheroes Have Gotten Superfluously Swole](/2025/08/05/movies/superheroes-
have-gotten-superfluously-swole-mcu-dcu)

## Continue Reading

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fjokichorse_getty_ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-
jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Let Nikola Jokic Enjoy His Side QuestLet Nikola Jokic Enjoy His Side
Quest](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2024%2F11%2FParker_Tyler.jpg&w=64&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/creator/tyler-
parker)

By [Tyler Parker](/creator/tyler-parker) • July 30 • 4 min read

[](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

## Keep Exploring

[Books](/topic/books)[DC](/topic/dc)[F1](/topic/f1)[The Bear](/topic/the-
bear)[Tennis](/topic/tennis)[Health](/topic/health)[The Last of
Us](/topic/the-last-of-us)[Exit Surveys](/topic/exit-
surveys)[NHL](/topic/nhl)[John Wick](/topic/john-wick)

Latest in NBA

[](/topic/nba)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FAtlanta-Falcons-v-Las-Vegas-
Raiders-1-scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
press-box/2025/08/07/a-readout-on-espns-deals-with-the-nfl-and-wwe-plus-nba-
mouthpiece-summer-and-the-new-york-post-comes-to-l-a)

[Media](/topic/media)

[ESPN’s Deals With the NFL and WWE. Plus, It’s NBA Mouthpiece Summer.A Readout
on ESPN’s Deals With the NFL and WWE. Plus: NBA Mouthpiece Summer and the New
York Post Comes to L.A.ESPN’s Deals With the NFL and WWE. Plus, It’s NBA
Mouthpiece Summer.ESPN’s Deals With the NFL and WWE](/podcasts/the-press-
box/2025/08/07/a-readout-on-espns-deals-with-the-nfl-and-wwe-plus-nba-
mouthpiece-summer-and-the-new-york-post-comes-to-l-a)

[The Press Box](/podcasts/the-press-box) • Aug. 7 • 55 min

[](/podcasts/the-press-box/2025/08/07/a-readout-on-espns-deals-with-the-nfl-
and-wwe-plus-nba-mouthpiece-summer-and-the-new-york-post-comes-to-l-a)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FAtlanta-Falcons-v-Las-Vegas-
Raiders-1-scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
press-box/2025/08/07/a-readout-on-espns-deals-with-the-nfl-and-wwe-plus-nba-
mouthpiece-summer-and-the-new-york-post-comes-to-l-a)

[Media](/topic/media)

[A Readout on ESPN’s Deals With the NFL and WWE. Plus: NBA Mouthpiece Summer
and the New York Post Comes to L.A.A Readout on ESPN’s Deals With the NFL and
WWE. Plus: NBA Mouthpiece Summer and the New York Post Comes to L.A.ESPN’s
Deals With the NFL and WWE. Plus, It’s NBA Mouthpiece Summer.ESPN’s Deals With
the NFL and WWE](/podcasts/the-press-box/2025/08/07/a-readout-on-espns-deals-
with-the-nfl-and-wwe-plus-nba-mouthpiece-summer-and-the-new-york-post-comes-
to-l-a)

[The Press Box](/podcasts/the-press-box) • Aug. 7 • 55 min

[](/podcasts/the-press-box/2025/08/07/a-readout-on-espns-deals-with-the-nfl-
and-wwe-plus-nba-mouthpiece-summer-and-the-new-york-post-comes-to-l-a)

[1:10:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2Frnbashowringersite_20250807_vv.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
ringer-nba-show/2025/08/07/top-five-best-nba-duos-and-trae-youngs-frustration)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Top Five Best NBA Duos and Trae Young’s FrustrationTop Five Best NBA Duos and
Trae Young’s FrustrationBest NBA Duos and Trae Young’s
Frustration](/podcasts/the-ringer-nba-show/2025/08/07/top-five-best-nba-duos-
and-trae-youngs-frustration)

[The Ringer NBA Show](/podcasts/the-ringer-nba-show) • Aug. 7

[](/podcasts/the-ringer-nba-show/2025/08/07/top-five-best-nba-duos-and-trae-
youngs-frustration)

[1:10:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2Frnbashowringersite_20250807_vv.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
ringer-nba-show/2025/08/07/top-five-best-nba-duos-and-trae-youngs-frustration)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Top Five Best NBA Duos and Trae Young’s FrustrationTop Five Best NBA Duos and
Trae Young’s FrustrationBest NBA Duos and Trae Young’s
Frustration](/podcasts/the-ringer-nba-show/2025/08/07/top-five-best-nba-duos-
and-trae-youngs-frustration)

[The Ringer NBA Show](/podcasts/the-ringer-nba-show) • Aug. 7

[](/podcasts/the-ringer-nba-show/2025/08/07/top-five-best-nba-duos-and-trae-
youngs-frustration)

[1:21:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FV2_MM-
Thumb-080525-Trello.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-season)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[20 Questions About the Upcoming NBA Season20 Questions About the Upcoming NBA
Season](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-
season)

[The Mismatch](/podcasts/the-mismatch) • Aug. 5

[](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-
season)

[1:21:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FV2_MM-
Thumb-080525-Trello.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-season)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[20 Questions About the Upcoming NBA Season20 Questions About the Upcoming NBA
Season](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-
season)

[The Mismatch](/podcasts/the-mismatch) • Aug. 5

[](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-
season)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FPittsburgh-Pirates-v-San-Francisco-
Giants.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/new-
york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-recaps-the-yankees-
and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[MLB](/topic/mlb)

[Yankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges, and MoreMark Zinno
Recaps the Yankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges, and Top
10 Billy Joel SongsYankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges,
and MoreYankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-
john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-recaps-the-yankees-and-mets-trade-
deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[New York, New York with John Jastremski](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-
john-jastremski) • Aug. 1 • 1 hr 19 min

[](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-
recaps-the-yankees-and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-
top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FPittsburgh-Pirates-v-San-Francisco-
Giants.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/new-
york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-recaps-the-yankees-
and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[MLB](/topic/mlb)

[Mark Zinno Recaps the Yankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend
Bridges, and Top 10 Billy Joel SongsMark Zinno Recaps the Yankees’ and Mets’
Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges, and Top 10 Billy Joel SongsYankees’ and
Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges, and MoreYankees’ and Mets’ Trade
Deadline](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-
zinno-recaps-the-yankees-and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-
top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[New York, New York with John Jastremski](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-
john-jastremski) • Aug. 1 • 1 hr 19 min

[](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-
recaps-the-yankees-and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-
top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[2:04:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2F7-30_BS_Pod_YT_Thumb_No_Text.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-rhodes-on-being-
the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-of-kayfabe)

[WWE](/topic/wwe)

[Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and More.Euro
NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, Leaving AEW, Feuding With
John Cena, and the Rules of Kayfabe.Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on
Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and More.Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and
More](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-
cody-rhodes-on-being-the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-
rules-of-kayfabe)

[The Bill Simmons Podcast](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast) • Aug. 1

[](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-
rhodes-on-being-the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-
of-kayfabe)

[2:04:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2F7-30_BS_Pod_YT_Thumb_No_Text.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-rhodes-on-being-
the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-of-kayfabe)

[WWE](/topic/wwe)

[Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, Leaving AEW, Feuding
With John Cena, and the Rules of Kayfabe.Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes
on Being WWE’s Guy, Leaving AEW, Feuding With John Cena, and the Rules of
Kayfabe.Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and
More.Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and More](/podcasts/the-bill-
simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-rhodes-on-being-the-
wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-of-kayfabe)

[The Bill Simmons Podcast](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast) • Aug. 1

[](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-
rhodes-on-being-the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-
of-kayfabe)

[1:17:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FRinger-Site-Thumbnail-Group-
Chat-3.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/group-
chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-the-2025-26-season)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[What We Think We Know About the 2025-26 SeasonWhat We Think We Know About the
2025-26 Season2025-26 Season: What We Think We Know](/podcasts/group-
chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-the-2025-26-season)

[Group Chat](/podcasts/group-chat) • July 31

[](/podcasts/group-chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-
the-2025-26-season)

[1:17:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FRinger-Site-Thumbnail-Group-
Chat-3.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/group-
chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-the-2025-26-season)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[What We Think We Know About the 2025-26 SeasonWhat We Think We Know About the
2025-26 Season2025-26 Season: What We Think We Know](/podcasts/group-
chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-the-2025-26-season)

[Group Chat](/podcasts/group-chat) • July 31

[](/podcasts/group-chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-
the-2025-26-season)

[1:56:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_073125_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-offseason-with-fred-
katz-tv-recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-check-in-plus-mets-
corner-continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[NBA Offseason Moves, TV Recs, the Lakers, and Mets CornerUnder-the-Radar
Moves of the Offseason With Fred Katz, TV Recommendations With Joanna
Robinson, and a Lakers Check-In. Plus, Mets Corner Continues With Sean
Fennessey.NBA Offseason Moves, TV Recs, the Lakers, and Mets CornerNBA
Offseason Moves, TV Recs, and More](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-
show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-offseason-with-fred-katz-tv-
recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-check-in-plus-mets-corner-
continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[The Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 31

[](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-
offseason-with-fred-katz-tv-recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-
check-in-plus-mets-corner-continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[1:56:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_073125_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-offseason-with-fred-
katz-tv-recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-check-in-plus-mets-
corner-continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Under-the-Radar Moves of the Offseason With Fred Katz, TV Recommendations
With Joanna Robinson, and a Lakers Check-In. Plus, Mets Corner Continues With
Sean Fennessey.Under-the-Radar Moves of the Offseason With Fred Katz, TV
Recommendations With Joanna Robinson, and a Lakers Check-In. Plus, Mets Corner
Continues With Sean Fennessey.NBA Offseason Moves, TV Recs, the Lakers, and
Mets CornerNBA Offseason Moves, TV Recs, and More](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-
show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-offseason-with-fred-katz-tv-
recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-check-in-plus-mets-corner-
continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[The Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 31

[](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-
offseason-with-fred-katz-tv-recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-
check-in-plus-mets-corner-continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[1:25:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FMM_Thumb_072825_Trello.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-jas-joy-and-is-
lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[NBA Story Lines: Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and LeBron’s 2026 PlansNBA Summer
Story Lines: A Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and Is LeBron Really Planning for
2026?NBA Story Lines: Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and LeBron’s 2026 PlansNBA
Summer Story Lines](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-
a-motivated-luka-jas-joy-and-is-lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[The Mismatch](/podcasts/the-mismatch) • July 29

[](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-
jas-joy-and-is-lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[1:25:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FMM_Thumb_072825_Trello.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-jas-joy-and-is-
lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[NBA Summer Story Lines: A Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and Is LeBron Really
Planning for 2026?NBA Summer Story Lines: A Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and Is
LeBron Really Planning for 2026?NBA Story Lines: Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and
LeBron’s 2026 PlansNBA Summer Story Lines](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-jas-joy-and-is-
lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[The Mismatch](/podcasts/the-mismatch) • July 29

[](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-
jas-joy-and-is-lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fringersitethumbog_vv.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/off-
guard-with-austin-rivers/2025/07/28/chris-paul-returns-to-the-clippers-and-
mount-rushmore-talk)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Chris Paul Returns to the Clippers and Mount Rushmore TalkChris Paul Returns
to the Clippers and Mount Rushmore TalkChris Paul’s Return and Mount Rushmore
Talk](/podcasts/off-guard-with-austin-rivers/2025/07/28/chris-paul-returns-to-
the-clippers-and-mount-rushmore-talk)

[Off Guard with Austin Rivers](/podcasts/off-guard-with-austin-rivers) • July
28 • 1 hr 11 min

[](/podcasts/off-guard-with-austin-rivers/2025/07/28/chris-paul-returns-to-
the-clippers-and-mount-rushmore-talk)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fringersitethumbog_vv.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/podcasts/off-
guard-with-austin-rivers/2025/07/28/chris-paul-returns-to-the-clippers-and-
mount-rushmore-talk)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Chris Paul Returns to the Clippers and Mount Rushmore TalkChris Paul Returns
to the Clippers and Mount Rushmore TalkChris Paul’s Return and Mount Rushmore
Talk](/podcasts/off-guard-with-austin-rivers/2025/07/28/chris-paul-returns-to-
the-clippers-and-mount-rushmore-talk)

[Off Guard with Austin Rivers](/podcasts/off-guard-with-austin-rivers) • July
28 • 1 hr 11 min

[](/podcasts/off-guard-with-austin-rivers/2025/07/28/chris-paul-returns-to-
the-clippers-and-mount-rushmore-talk)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FBestRemainingFreeAgents_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-
free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-westbrook-rumors)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Tupperware All-Stars: The Best Leftovers in NBA Free AgencyTupperware All-
Stars: The Best Leftovers in NBA Free AgencyTupperware All-Stars: The NBA’s
Best Leftovers](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-
westbrook-rumors)

By [Michael Pina](/creator/michael-pina) • July 29 • 8 min read

[](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-westbrook-rumors)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FBestRemainingFreeAgents_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=d6df25f2609764019bc7c00d2999d319836a380d)](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-
free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-westbrook-rumors)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Tupperware All-Stars: The Best Leftovers in NBA Free AgencyTupperware All-
Stars: The Best Leftovers in NBA Free AgencyTupperware All-Stars: The NBA’s
Best Leftovers](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-
westbrook-rumors)

By [Michael Pina](/creator/michael-pina) • July 29 • 8 min read

[](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-westbrook-rumors)

[Contact](/contact)[Masthead](/2024/11/21/announcements/masthead)[Shop](https://theringer.merchtable.com/)

**Newsletter**

Yep, we have one too

### Archive

We’ve been around since Brady was a QB

[Take Me There](/archive)

[Terms of Use](https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/end-user-
agreement/)[Privacy](https://spotify.com/legal/privacy-policy)

Your Privacy Choices[Cookies](https://www.spotify.com/legal/cookies-policy/
"Cookies")

[Accessibility](https://www.spotify.com/us/accessibility)

© 2025 Spotify

[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/ringer/)[X](https://x.com/ringer)

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/ot_company_logo.png)

## Tailored Advertising Opt-out

Spotify may collect and share some of your personal data associated with this
browser or device with some of our partners for certain purposes such as
targeted advertising on their platforms. For example, we may share your cookie
data with a marketing partner to inform you of one of our latest promotions
while you are on their platform.  
  
**The option below allows you to opt-out of the processing of such personal
data**  
  
**Note** : Spotify may share additional personal data with third parties for
tailored advertising purposes if you have a Spotify account. This toggle does
not facilitate your privacy choices for any personal data associated with your
Spotify account if you have not logged in.  
  
Please log in to your account to manage your privacy choices associated with
your Spotify account.  
[Log in here](https://accounts.spotify.com)

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Enable Tailored Advertising

Enable Tailored Advertising

  * #####  First Party Targeting Cookies

Switch Label label

These cookies may be used to deliver targeted advertisements and to build a
profile of your interests. If you do not allow these cookies you will still
experience advertising but it will be less tailored to you.

  * ##### Store and access information on a device

Switch Label label

Cookies, device or similar online identifiers together with other information
(e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported
technologies, etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each
time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes
presented here.

#### Other Cookies used on this site

Always Active

  * ##### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the service to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the service will not then
work.

  * ##### First Party Functional Cookies

Always Active

These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not
function properly.

  * ##### First Party Performance Cookies

Always Active

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our services. They help us to know which pages
are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the platform.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor the
performance of our services.

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://pixel.spotify.com/v1/sync?nojs=1)

