[](/)

Discover

anything

Discover

anything

[Videos](/videos)[Podcasts](/podcasts)

[The Latest](https://www.theringer.com/archive?m=article)[The
Latest](https://www.theringer.com/archive?m=article)[Fantasy Football
Rankings](https://theringer.com/fantasy-football/2025)[Fantasy Football
Rankings](https://theringer.com/fantasy-
football/2025)[NBA](/topic/nba)[NBA](/topic/nba)[NFL](/topic/nfl)[NFL](/topic/nfl)[The
Fantastic Four](https://www.theringer.com/topic/marvel)[The Fantastic
Four](https://www.theringer.com/topic/marvel)[TV](/topic/tv)[TV](/topic/tv)[Movies](/topic/movies)[Movies](/topic/movies)[MLB](/topic/mlb)[MLB](/topic/mlb)[Events](https://www.theringer.com/events)[Events](https://www.theringer.com/events)[The
Streaming Guide](https://streamingguide.theringer.com/#top-tens)[The Streaming
Guide](https://streamingguide.theringer.com/#top-
tens)[Soccer](/topic/soccer)[Soccer](/topic/soccer)[Music](/topic/music)[Music](/topic/music)[Simmons
Pod](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast)[Simmons
Pod](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-
podcast)[Rewatchables](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-
rewatchables)[Rewatchables](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-
rewatchables)[NBA Top 100](https://nbarankings.theringer.com/)[NBA Top
100](https://nbarankings.theringer.com/)[Big
Picture](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-big-picture)[Big
Picture](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-big-picture)[Russillo
Pod](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-ryen-russillo-podcast)[Russillo
Pod](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-ryen-russillo-podcast)[The
Watch](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-watch)[The
Watch](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-watch)[Higher
Learning](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/higher-learning-van-lathan-
rachel-lindsay)[Higher Learning](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/higher-
learning-van-lathan-rachel-lindsay)[House of R](/podcasts/house-of-r)[House of
R](/podcasts/house-of-r)[The Town](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-
town-with-matthew-belloni)[The Town](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/the-
town-with-matthew-belloni)[Plain
English](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/plain-english-with-derek-
thompson)[Plain English](https://www.theringer.com/podcasts/plain-english-
with-derek-thompson)

[](/)

ShareSix Tiny Deals That Might Tilt the 2025 NBA Season

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2024%2F11%2FMahoney_Rob.jpg&w=128&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/creator/rob-
mahoney)

By [Rob Mahoney](/creator/rob-mahoney)July 17, 8:05 am EDT • 7 min

[NBA](/topic/nba)[NBA](/topic/nba)

# Six Tiny Deals That Might Tilt the 2025 NBA Season

From Ajay to Yabu, here are six under-the-radar moves from NBA free agency
that might actually matter

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fsickotrades_getty_ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)

Getty Images/Ringer illustration

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2024%2F11%2FMahoney_Rob.jpg&w=128&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/creator/rob-
mahoney)

By [Rob Mahoney](/creator/rob-mahoney)July 17, 8:05 am EDT • 7 min

Free agency isn’t dead, it’s just downsizing. This NBA offseason made that
much clear, as teams adapt to life under the league’s dual aprons. There’s no
longer any real cap space to be found, and thus no real market for free agents
either. The biggest outright signing for a player joining a new team this
summer came in the form of [Myles Turner’s four-year, $107 million stunner
with the Bucks.](https://www.theringer.com/2025/07/01/nba/milwaukee-bucks-
damian-lillard-waived-myles-turner-signing-giannis-antetokounmpo) In order to
even make that possible, Milwaukee stretched and waived the contract of a
future Hall of Famer and ate $113 million in the process.

Teams that _weren’t_ willing to take on unprecedented levels of dead money
have operated on a much smaller scale. So much of the movement around the
league has come from teams making the most of the midlevel exception (starting
at $14 million) or even less, making free agent headliners out of Dorian
Finney-Smith and Bruce Brown. Forget the package megadeals that used to
shuffle superstars around the league; this summer is for the diehards, as
teams work the margins of the margins to find whatever talent they can to
patch critical gaps in their rotation.

In this cap environment, even the smallest signing can make a difference. Here
are six with a chance to move the needle:

### **Guerschon Yabusele, New York Knicks**

**Two years, $12 million**

Not watching the Philadelphia 76ers last season was an act of self-care. The
[vibes were
horrendous,](https://www.theringer.com/2025/03/06/nba/philadelphia-76ers-joel-
embiid-injury-nba-draft-pick-odds) the basketball was worse, and a
theoretically promising team spent more time circling the drain than playing
for anything at all. Yet if you _did_ pass on all that, you likely missed out
on Yabusele’s delightful, bludgeoning return to the NBA—some six years after
he washed out with the Celtics. Basketball took Yabu to professional leagues
in China, France, and Spain. The considerable growth in his game brought him
back, and now the Knicks will reap all the benefits.

Long-range shooting has clarified so much for Yabusele. His rumbling drives to
the basket work even better against a closeout. Building out his range gives
him more places to be on the floor, and fewer where he would get in the way.
Suddenly, all of the funky, tweener elements of Yabusele’s game feel like real
assets. He’s burly enough to play the 5, but agile enough to hold down the 4.
That’s a perfect addition for a New York team that, frankly, just needed more
options. Yabusele is the kind of backup who gives the Knicks more ways to
play, and that’s worth far more than the taxpayer midlevel exception.

[](https://nbarankings.theringer.com/the-offer-sheet)

Special Project

Tracking Moves as NBA Rosters Take Shape

Tracking Moves as NBA Rosters Take Shape

Tracking Moves as Rosters Take Shape

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F06%2FOfferSheet_070325_Getty-
Ringer.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)

### **Davion Mitchell, Miami Heat**

**Two years, $24 million**

It took several years for Mitchell to establish himself as something more than
a situational stopper, but everything started to click last season—first as
Toronto’s fill-in starting point guard, and then as a critical part of Miami’s
playoff push. His handle was finally tight enough to actually run the point,
and a surge in playmaking followed. Mitchell’s jumper, which had long held him
back, cashed during his time with the Heat at an incredible 45-percent clip.
With that came a certain plug-and-play ease; if Mitchell’s shooting holds,
he’ll open up all kinds of lineup possibilities for Miami.

**Newsletter**

Yep, we have one too

By submitting, you agree to our [Terms](/terms-and-conditions) and [Privacy
Policy](/privacy-policy).

Re-signing a player with that type of potential to this type of deal is a no-
brainer. That’s below-market value for a starting guard, and the last we saw
Mitchell he was _absolutely_ a starting-caliber guard—even if Norm Powell’s
arrival in Miami winds up nudging him into a bench role next season. Yet at
the same time, it’s a great deal for Mitchell to lock in a two-year deal that
will more than double his career earnings. The market might have been more
robust for Mitchell if he was able to court offers in unrestricted free
agency, but as it stands, everybody wins. The Heat help yet another “second
draft” candidate to play the best basketball of their career, and Mitchell
doubles down on a situation that clearly suits him. Players like Mitchell
don’t just find a home in the NBA—they make one.

### **Luke Kennard, Atlanta Hawks**

**One year, $11 million**

Only one player in the league has ranked in the top 10 in 3-point percentage
for five years running, and the Hawks just picked him up. Kennard’s defense
(or lack thereof) is still a problem, but it’s distinctly less of a problem on
a team that employs Dyson Daniels and Nickeil Alexander-Walker to cross-match
however necessary, with Onyeka Okongwu and Kristaps Porzingis lurking behind.

At an absolute minimum, Kennard is a clear upgrade over the Garrison
Mathews–types Atlanta has tried out on the wing. And more realistically,
Kennard could give the Hawks more than Bogdan Bogdanovic did in an off year
last season. Kennard not only is a knockdown option on the catch, but also a
legit option to run pick-and-roll or facilitate one action to the next. He may
not have the two-way flexibility of some of his fellow Hawks, but he very much
fits the wheel-and-deal vision of a Quin Snyder offense, where one action
builds into the next until the defense breaks.

It’s a great basketball fit for a Hawks team that’s making a hard push in the
East—and a low-risk signing in terms of Atlanta’s financial outlook. The Hawks
are still figuring out what they have in Jalen Johnson and Zaccharie Risacher,
and have enough give in their books to take chances on players like Kennard
and Porzingis before the heavier financial commitments kick in. It’s a smart
play, and one made possible by the fact that the Hawks were able to acquire
Alexander-Walker in a sign-and-trade, preserving their midlevel to give one of
the best shooters in the league a one-year balloon payment.

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_071425_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=256&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/14/a-look-at-the-lakers-with-dan-woike-plus-key-
restricted-free-agents-and-more-with-nekias-duncan)

[A Look at the Lakers With Dan Woike, Plus Key Restricted Free Agents and More
With Nekias DuncanA Look at the Lakers With Dan Woike, Plus Key Restricted
Free Agents and More With Nekias DuncanA Look at the Lakers, Plus Key
Restricted Free AgentsThe Lakers, Plus Restricted Free Agents](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/14/a-look-at-the-lakers-with-dan-woike-plus-key-
restricted-free-agents-and-more-with-nekias-duncan)

[The Zach Lowe ShowThe Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 14
• 1 hr 40 min

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_071425_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=256&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/14/a-look-at-the-lakers-with-dan-woike-plus-key-
restricted-free-agents-and-more-with-nekias-duncan)

[A Look at the Lakers, Plus Key Restricted Free AgentsA Look at the Lakers
With Dan Woike, Plus Key Restricted Free Agents and More With Nekias DuncanA
Look at the Lakers, Plus Key Restricted Free AgentsThe Lakers, Plus Restricted
Free Agents](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/14/a-look-at-the-lakers-
with-dan-woike-plus-key-restricted-free-agents-and-more-with-nekias-duncan)

[The Zach Lowe ShowThe Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 14
• 1 hr 40 min

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_071425_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=384&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/14/a-look-at-the-lakers-with-dan-woike-plus-key-
restricted-free-agents-and-more-with-nekias-duncan)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[A Look at the Lakers With Dan Woike, Plus Key Restricted Free Agents and More
With Nekias DuncanA Look at the Lakers With Dan Woike, Plus Key Restricted
Free Agents and More With Nekias DuncanA Look at the Lakers, Plus Key
Restricted Free AgentsThe Lakers, Plus Restricted Free Agents](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/14/a-look-at-the-lakers-with-dan-woike-plus-key-
restricted-free-agents-and-more-with-nekias-duncan)

[The Zach Lowe ShowThe Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 14
• 1 hr 40 min

### **Trendon Watford, Philadelphia 76ers**

**Two years, $5.3 million**

Watford has spent the last few seasons quietly making winning plays for
Portland and Brooklyn teams that never really had much to compete for. This
season could be an introduction of sorts, to all but the most depraved League
Pass junkies. Will the Sixers actually be good? Who even knows anymore. Yet
the fact that they might at least _try_ to be—to whatever extent Joel Embiid
and [Paul George’s knees](https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/45741569/76ers-
paul-george-undergoes-arthroscopic-knee-surgery) allow—should raise their
profile, and bring more attention to all of the little things Watford does so
well.

He can knock down shots (especially when he gets to work off of a real
creator), he’s a reliable all-around defender who switches well in coverage,
and he casually makes productive, connecting passes that other role players
simply don’t. _And the Sixers just signed him for the minimum._ Watford isn’t
quite up to Yabusele’s level, but he’s a great bargain replacement under the
circumstances as Philly looks to reset its rotation and expectations.
Watford’s biggest challenge isn’t fitting in with a more competitive team—it’s
staying healthy enough to pay off everything he already does well.

### **Tyus Jones, Orlando Magic**

**One year, $7 million**

What a summer it’s been for the Magic, who made a big play for shooting in
[trading for Desmond Bane](https://www.theringer.com/2025/06/16/nba/desmond-
bane-trade-orlando-magic-memphis-grizzlies-draft-picks) and a quiet move for
ballhandling by signing Jones. This is a team that struggled to simply get
into its offense last season; injuries compounded the quirks of Orlando’s
roster, to the point that starting the steady-handed Cory Joseph wound up
paying serious dividends. Jones is a continuation of that theme, executed at a
higher level. You get the same organizing value from Jones that you would from
Joseph, but with more pop, younger legs, better shooting, and even cleaner
playmaking. If the Magic finally break through to make a deep playoff run, the
Bane acquisition will be a critical reason why. But signing Jones to clean
things up for the second unit probably will, too—if in subtler ways. The Magic
already had the collective talent and defense to be a real threat. They just
needed a hand with the logistics of running a team, which happens to be
Jones’s specialty.

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_071025_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=256&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/10/max-extensions-plus-zachs-wtf-teams-with-rob-
mahoney-and-the-debut-of-mets-corner-with-sean-fennessey)

[Max Extensions, Plus Zach’s WTF Teams With Rob Mahoney and the Debut of Mets
Corner With Sean FennesseyMax Extensions, Plus Zach’s WTF Teams With Rob
Mahoney and the Debut of Mets Corner With Sean FennesseyMax Extensions, Zach’s
WTF Teams, and the Debut of Mets CornerMax Extensions, WTF Teams, and Mets
Corner](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/10/max-extensions-plus-zachs-wtf-
teams-with-rob-mahoney-and-the-debut-of-mets-corner-with-sean-fennessey)

[The Zach Lowe ShowThe Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 10
• 1 hr 51 min

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_071025_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=256&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/10/max-extensions-plus-zachs-wtf-teams-with-rob-
mahoney-and-the-debut-of-mets-corner-with-sean-fennessey)

[Max Extensions, Zach’s WTF Teams, and the Debut of Mets CornerMax Extensions,
Plus Zach’s WTF Teams With Rob Mahoney and the Debut of Mets Corner With Sean
FennesseyMax Extensions, Zach’s WTF Teams, and the Debut of Mets CornerMax
Extensions, WTF Teams, and Mets Corner](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-
show/2025/07/10/max-extensions-plus-zachs-wtf-teams-with-rob-mahoney-and-the-
debut-of-mets-corner-with-sean-fennessey)

[The Zach Lowe ShowThe Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 10
• 1 hr 51 min

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_071025_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=384&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/10/max-extensions-plus-zachs-wtf-teams-with-rob-
mahoney-and-the-debut-of-mets-corner-with-sean-fennessey)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Max Extensions, Plus Zach’s WTF Teams With Rob Mahoney and the Debut of Mets
Corner With Sean FennesseyMax Extensions, Plus Zach’s WTF Teams With Rob
Mahoney and the Debut of Mets Corner With Sean FennesseyMax Extensions, Zach’s
WTF Teams, and the Debut of Mets CornerMax Extensions, WTF Teams, and Mets
Corner](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/10/max-extensions-plus-zachs-wtf-
teams-with-rob-mahoney-and-the-debut-of-mets-corner-with-sean-fennessey)

[The Zach Lowe ShowThe Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 10
• 1 hr 51 min

### **Ajay Mitchell, Oklahoma City Thunder**

**Three years, $8.7 million**

Just because you’re not quite ready for rotation minutes in the NBA Finals at
23 years old doesn’t mean you’ll never be. Mitchell was a revelation for the
Thunder on a two-way last season, to the point that OKC converted him to a
standard contract back in February. Then the Thunder declined a team option to
triple down on Mitchell with a three-year agreement for less than $9 million—a
paltry sum for a guard with this much juice.

This accomplishes two things: First, it keeps a dynamic young creator with the
Thunder for even longer at what amounts to a cap sheet rounding error. Second,
by adding more years to Mitchell’s deal, OKC ensures that he’ll be a
_restricted_ free agent at the end of it. That could be a big deal for a
Thunder team that’s about to get dramatically more expensive, and may need a
cost-controlled player like Mitchell to step into a bigger role over time.
It’s a good bet that he’ll be ready for it after a bit more time in one of the
best development systems in basketball.End of article

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2024%2F11%2FMahoney_Rob.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/creator/rob-
mahoney)

[Rob MahoneyRob Mahoney](/creator/rob-mahoney)Rob covers the NBA and pop
culture for The Ringer. He previously covered the league for Sports
Illustrated.

[](https://x.com/RobMahoney)[](https://www.youtube.com/@TheRingerNBA)[](https://www.instagram.com/robxmahoney)[Bluesky
Logo Streamline Icon:
https://streamlinehq.com](https://bsky.app/profile/robmahoney.bsky.social)

**Newsletter**

Yep, we have one too

By submitting, you agree to our [Terms](/terms-and-conditions) and [Privacy
Policy](/privacy-policy).

Most Read

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FParsonsTrades_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)

[Six Dream Micah Parsons Trade Scenarios](/2025/08/04/nfl/micah-parsons-trade-
request-dream-scenarios-jerry-jones)

* * *

[Luka’s Summer, Shaq’s Shadow, and the Lakers’ New
Beginning](/2025/08/04/nba/luka-doncic-los-angeles-lakers-contract-extension-
weight-mens-health)

* * *

[The Micah Parsons Mess Is Jerry Jones’s Latest Act of Self-
Sabotage](/2025/08/04/nfl/micah-parsons-jerry-jones-dallas-cowboys-
negotiation)

* * *

[Superheroes Have Gotten Superfluously Swole](/2025/08/05/movies/superheroes-
have-gotten-superfluously-swole-mcu-dcu)

## Continue Reading

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FNewLuka_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/2025/08/04/nba/luka-
doncic-los-angeles-lakers-contract-extension-weight-mens-health)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Luka’s Summer, Shaq’s Shadow, and the Lakers’ New BeginningLuka’s Summer,
Shaq’s Shadow, and the Lakers’ New BeginningLuka’s Summer, Shaq’s Shadow, and
the Lakers’ New BeginningLuka’s Summer of Change and the Shadow of
Shaq](/2025/08/04/nba/luka-doncic-los-angeles-lakers-contract-extension-
weight-mens-health)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2024%2F11%2FChau_Danny.jpg&w=64&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/creator/danny-
chau)

By [Danny Chau](/creator/danny-chau) • Aug. 4 • 10 min read

[](/2025/08/04/nba/luka-doncic-los-angeles-lakers-contract-extension-weight-
mens-health)

## Keep Exploring

[F1](/topic/f1)[Books](/topic/books)[Tennis](/topic/tennis)[DC](/topic/dc)[Health](/topic/health)[The
Last of Us](/topic/the-last-of-us)[Exit Surveys](/topic/exit-surveys)[The
Bear](/topic/the-bear)[John Wick](/topic/john-wick)[NHL](/topic/nhl)

Latest in NBA

[](/topic/nba)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FAtlanta-Falcons-v-Las-Vegas-
Raiders-1-scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
press-box/2025/08/07/a-readout-on-espns-deals-with-the-nfl-and-wwe-plus-nba-
mouthpiece-summer-and-the-new-york-post-comes-to-l-a)

[Media](/topic/media)

[ESPN’s Deals With the NFL and WWE. Plus, It’s NBA Mouthpiece Summer.A Readout
on ESPN’s Deals With the NFL and WWE. Plus: NBA Mouthpiece Summer and the New
York Post Comes to L.A.ESPN’s Deals With the NFL and WWE. Plus, It’s NBA
Mouthpiece Summer.ESPN’s Deals With the NFL and WWE](/podcasts/the-press-
box/2025/08/07/a-readout-on-espns-deals-with-the-nfl-and-wwe-plus-nba-
mouthpiece-summer-and-the-new-york-post-comes-to-l-a)

[The Press Box](/podcasts/the-press-box) • Aug. 7 • 55 min

[](/podcasts/the-press-box/2025/08/07/a-readout-on-espns-deals-with-the-nfl-
and-wwe-plus-nba-mouthpiece-summer-and-the-new-york-post-comes-to-l-a)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FAtlanta-Falcons-v-Las-Vegas-
Raiders-1-scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
press-box/2025/08/07/a-readout-on-espns-deals-with-the-nfl-and-wwe-plus-nba-
mouthpiece-summer-and-the-new-york-post-comes-to-l-a)

[Media](/topic/media)

[A Readout on ESPN’s Deals With the NFL and WWE. Plus: NBA Mouthpiece Summer
and the New York Post Comes to L.A.A Readout on ESPN’s Deals With the NFL and
WWE. Plus: NBA Mouthpiece Summer and the New York Post Comes to L.A.ESPN’s
Deals With the NFL and WWE. Plus, It’s NBA Mouthpiece Summer.ESPN’s Deals With
the NFL and WWE](/podcasts/the-press-box/2025/08/07/a-readout-on-espns-deals-
with-the-nfl-and-wwe-plus-nba-mouthpiece-summer-and-the-new-york-post-comes-
to-l-a)

[The Press Box](/podcasts/the-press-box) • Aug. 7 • 55 min

[](/podcasts/the-press-box/2025/08/07/a-readout-on-espns-deals-with-the-nfl-
and-wwe-plus-nba-mouthpiece-summer-and-the-new-york-post-comes-to-l-a)

[1:10:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2Frnbashowringersite_20250807_vv.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
ringer-nba-show/2025/08/07/top-five-best-nba-duos-and-trae-youngs-frustration)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Top Five Best NBA Duos and Trae Young’s FrustrationTop Five Best NBA Duos and
Trae Young’s FrustrationBest NBA Duos and Trae Young’s
Frustration](/podcasts/the-ringer-nba-show/2025/08/07/top-five-best-nba-duos-
and-trae-youngs-frustration)

[The Ringer NBA Show](/podcasts/the-ringer-nba-show) • Aug. 7

[](/podcasts/the-ringer-nba-show/2025/08/07/top-five-best-nba-duos-and-trae-
youngs-frustration)

[1:10:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2Frnbashowringersite_20250807_vv.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
ringer-nba-show/2025/08/07/top-five-best-nba-duos-and-trae-youngs-frustration)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Top Five Best NBA Duos and Trae Young’s FrustrationTop Five Best NBA Duos and
Trae Young’s FrustrationBest NBA Duos and Trae Young’s
Frustration](/podcasts/the-ringer-nba-show/2025/08/07/top-five-best-nba-duos-
and-trae-youngs-frustration)

[The Ringer NBA Show](/podcasts/the-ringer-nba-show) • Aug. 7

[](/podcasts/the-ringer-nba-show/2025/08/07/top-five-best-nba-duos-and-trae-
youngs-frustration)

[1:21:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FV2_MM-
Thumb-080525-Trello.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-season)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[20 Questions About the Upcoming NBA Season20 Questions About the Upcoming NBA
Season](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-
season)

[The Mismatch](/podcasts/the-mismatch) • Aug. 5

[](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-
season)

[1:21:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FV2_MM-
Thumb-080525-Trello.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-season)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[20 Questions About the Upcoming NBA Season20 Questions About the Upcoming NBA
Season](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-
season)

[The Mismatch](/podcasts/the-mismatch) • Aug. 5

[](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/08/05/20-questions-about-the-upcoming-nba-
season)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FPittsburgh-Pirates-v-San-Francisco-
Giants.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/new-
york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-recaps-the-yankees-
and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[MLB](/topic/mlb)

[Yankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges, and MoreMark Zinno
Recaps the Yankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges, and Top
10 Billy Joel SongsYankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges,
and MoreYankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-
john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-recaps-the-yankees-and-mets-trade-
deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[New York, New York with John Jastremski](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-
john-jastremski) • Aug. 1 • 1 hr 19 min

[](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-
recaps-the-yankees-and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-
top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F08%2FPittsburgh-Pirates-v-San-Francisco-
Giants.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/new-
york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-recaps-the-yankees-
and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[MLB](/topic/mlb)

[Mark Zinno Recaps the Yankees’ and Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend
Bridges, and Top 10 Billy Joel SongsMark Zinno Recaps the Yankees’ and Mets’
Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges, and Top 10 Billy Joel SongsYankees’ and
Mets’ Trade Deadline, Knicks Extend Bridges, and MoreYankees’ and Mets’ Trade
Deadline](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-
zinno-recaps-the-yankees-and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-
top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[New York, New York with John Jastremski](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-
john-jastremski) • Aug. 1 • 1 hr 19 min

[](/podcasts/new-york-new-york-with-john-jastremski/2025/08/01/mark-zinno-
recaps-the-yankees-and-mets-trade-deadline-knicks-extend-bridges-and-
top-10-billy-joel-songs)

[2:04:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2F7-30_BS_Pod_YT_Thumb_No_Text.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-rhodes-on-being-
the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-of-kayfabe)

[WWE](/topic/wwe)

[Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and More.Euro
NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, Leaving AEW, Feuding With
John Cena, and the Rules of Kayfabe.Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on
Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and More.Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and
More](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-
cody-rhodes-on-being-the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-
rules-of-kayfabe)

[The Bill Simmons Podcast](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast) • Aug. 1

[](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-
rhodes-on-being-the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-
of-kayfabe)

[2:04:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2F7-30_BS_Pod_YT_Thumb_No_Text.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-rhodes-on-being-
the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-of-kayfabe)

[WWE](/topic/wwe)

[Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, Leaving AEW, Feuding
With John Cena, and the Rules of Kayfabe.Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes
on Being WWE’s Guy, Leaving AEW, Feuding With John Cena, and the Rules of
Kayfabe.Euro NBA Thoughts. Plus, Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and
More.Cody Rhodes on Being WWE’s Guy, AEW, and More](/podcasts/the-bill-
simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-rhodes-on-being-the-
wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-of-kayfabe)

[The Bill Simmons Podcast](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast) • Aug. 1

[](/podcasts/the-bill-simmons-podcast/2025/07/31/euro-nba-thoughts-plus-cody-
rhodes-on-being-the-wwes-guy-leaving-aew-feuding-with-john-cena-and-the-rules-
of-kayfabe)

[1:17:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FRinger-Site-Thumbnail-Group-
Chat-3.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/group-
chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-the-2025-26-season)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[What We Think We Know About the 2025-26 SeasonWhat We Think We Know About the
2025-26 Season2025-26 Season: What We Think We Know](/podcasts/group-
chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-the-2025-26-season)

[Group Chat](/podcasts/group-chat) • July 31

[](/podcasts/group-chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-
the-2025-26-season)

[1:17:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FRinger-Site-Thumbnail-Group-
Chat-3.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/group-
chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-the-2025-26-season)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[What We Think We Know About the 2025-26 SeasonWhat We Think We Know About the
2025-26 Season2025-26 Season: What We Think We Know](/podcasts/group-
chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-the-2025-26-season)

[Group Chat](/podcasts/group-chat) • July 31

[](/podcasts/group-chat/2025/07/31/what-we-think-we-know-about-
the-2025-26-season)

[1:56:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_073125_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-offseason-with-fred-
katz-tv-recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-check-in-plus-mets-
corner-continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[NBA Offseason Moves, TV Recs, the Lakers, and Mets CornerUnder-the-Radar
Moves of the Offseason With Fred Katz, TV Recommendations With Joanna
Robinson, and a Lakers Check-In. Plus, Mets Corner Continues With Sean
Fennessey.NBA Offseason Moves, TV Recs, the Lakers, and Mets CornerNBA
Offseason Moves, TV Recs, and More](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-
show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-offseason-with-fred-katz-tv-
recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-check-in-plus-mets-corner-
continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[The Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 31

[](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-
offseason-with-fred-katz-tv-recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-
check-in-plus-mets-corner-continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[1:56:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FZachLoweShowSiteArt_073125_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
zach-lowe-show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-offseason-with-fred-
katz-tv-recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-check-in-plus-mets-
corner-continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Under-the-Radar Moves of the Offseason With Fred Katz, TV Recommendations
With Joanna Robinson, and a Lakers Check-In. Plus, Mets Corner Continues With
Sean Fennessey.Under-the-Radar Moves of the Offseason With Fred Katz, TV
Recommendations With Joanna Robinson, and a Lakers Check-In. Plus, Mets Corner
Continues With Sean Fennessey.NBA Offseason Moves, TV Recs, the Lakers, and
Mets CornerNBA Offseason Moves, TV Recs, and More](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-
show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-offseason-with-fred-katz-tv-
recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-check-in-plus-mets-corner-
continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[The Zach Lowe Show](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show) • July 31

[](/podcasts/the-zach-lowe-show/2025/07/31/under-the-radar-moves-of-the-
offseason-with-fred-katz-tv-recommendations-with-joanna-robinson-and-a-lakers-
check-in-plus-mets-corner-continues-with-sean-fennessey)

[1:25:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FMM_Thumb_072825_Trello.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-jas-joy-and-is-
lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[NBA Story Lines: Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and LeBron’s 2026 PlansNBA Summer
Story Lines: A Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and Is LeBron Really Planning for
2026?NBA Story Lines: Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and LeBron’s 2026 PlansNBA
Summer Story Lines](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-
a-motivated-luka-jas-joy-and-is-lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[The Mismatch](/podcasts/the-mismatch) • July 29

[](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-
jas-joy-and-is-lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[1:25:00![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FMM_Thumb_072825_Trello.png&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-jas-joy-and-is-
lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[NBA Summer Story Lines: A Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and Is LeBron Really
Planning for 2026?NBA Summer Story Lines: A Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and Is
LeBron Really Planning for 2026?NBA Story Lines: Motivated Luka, Ja’s Joy, and
LeBron’s 2026 PlansNBA Summer Story Lines](/podcasts/the-
mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-jas-joy-and-is-
lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[The Mismatch](/podcasts/the-mismatch) • July 29

[](/podcasts/the-mismatch/2025/07/29/nba-summer-story-lines-a-motivated-luka-
jas-joy-and-is-lebron-really-planning-for-2026)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fjokichorse_getty_ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-
jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Let Nikola Jokic Enjoy His Side QuestLet Nikola Jokic Enjoy His Side
Quest](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

By [Tyler Parker](/creator/tyler-parker) • July 30 • 4 min read

[](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2Fjokichorse_getty_ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-
jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Let Nikola Jokic Enjoy His Side QuestLet Nikola Jokic Enjoy His Side
Quest](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

By [Tyler Parker](/creator/tyler-parker) • July 30 • 4 min read

[](/2025/07/30/nba/nikola-jokic-horse-racing-serbia-denver-nuggets)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FBestRemainingFreeAgents_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-
free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-westbrook-rumors)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Tupperware All-Stars: The Best Leftovers in NBA Free AgencyTupperware All-
Stars: The Best Leftovers in NBA Free AgencyTupperware All-Stars: The NBA’s
Best Leftovers](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-
westbrook-rumors)

By [Michael Pina](/creator/michael-pina) • July 29 • 8 min read

[](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-westbrook-rumors)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwp.theringer.com%2Fwp-
content%2Fuploads%2F2025%2F07%2FBestRemainingFreeAgents_Getty-Ringer-
scaled.jpg&w=3840&q=75&dpl=6876aef68413439b20f7c753240674f337eccf38)](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-
free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-westbrook-rumors)

[NBA](/topic/nba)

[Tupperware All-Stars: The Best Leftovers in NBA Free AgencyTupperware All-
Stars: The Best Leftovers in NBA Free AgencyTupperware All-Stars: The NBA’s
Best Leftovers](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-
westbrook-rumors)

By [Michael Pina](/creator/michael-pina) • July 29 • 8 min read

[](/2025/07/29/nba/nba-free-agency-2025-ben-simmons-russell-westbrook-rumors)

[Contact](/contact)[Masthead](/2024/11/21/announcements/masthead)[Shop](https://theringer.merchtable.com/)

**Newsletter**

Yep, we have one too

### Archive

We’ve been around since Brady was a QB

[Take Me There](/archive)

[Terms of Use](https://www.spotify.com/us/legal/end-user-
agreement/)[Privacy](https://spotify.com/legal/privacy-policy)

Your Privacy Choices[Cookies](https://www.spotify.com/legal/cookies-policy/
"Cookies")

[Accessibility](https://www.spotify.com/us/accessibility)

© 2025 Spotify

[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/ringer/)[X](https://x.com/ringer)

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/ot_company_logo.png)

## Tailored Advertising Opt-out

Spotify may collect and share some of your personal data associated with this
browser or device with some of our partners for certain purposes such as
targeted advertising on their platforms. For example, we may share your cookie
data with a marketing partner to inform you of one of our latest promotions
while you are on their platform.  
  
**The option below allows you to opt-out of the processing of such personal
data**  
  
**Note** : Spotify may share additional personal data with third parties for
tailored advertising purposes if you have a Spotify account. This toggle does
not facilitate your privacy choices for any personal data associated with your
Spotify account if you have not logged in.  
  
Please log in to your account to manage your privacy choices associated with
your Spotify account.  
[Log in here](https://accounts.spotify.com)

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Enable Tailored Advertising

Enable Tailored Advertising

  * #####  First Party Targeting Cookies

Switch Label label

These cookies may be used to deliver targeted advertisements and to build a
profile of your interests. If you do not allow these cookies you will still
experience advertising but it will be less tailored to you.

  * ##### Store and access information on a device

Switch Label label

Cookies, device or similar online identifiers together with other information
(e.g. browser type and information, language, screen size, supported
technologies, etc.) can be stored or read on your device to recognise it each
time it connects to an app or to a website, for one or several of the purposes
presented here.

#### Other Cookies used on this site

Always Active

  * ##### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the service to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the service will not then
work.

  * ##### First Party Functional Cookies

Always Active

These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation.
If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not
function properly.

  * ##### First Party Performance Cookies

Always Active

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our services. They help us to know which pages
are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the platform.
If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor the
performance of our services.

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://pixel.spotify.com/v1/sync?nojs=1)

