![THE NBA, RANKED](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/nba-ranked-
opener-1729005271654.png)

# THE NBA, RANKED

Ranking everything that matters in the NBA

  * The Offer Sheet

Updated July 17

  * Top 100 NBA Player Rankings

Updated June 4

  * Trade Value Rankings

Updated Jan 30

The Offer Sheet

The NBA offseason is chaos incarnate. And after one of the most shocking
regular seasons in recent memory, and one of the most bizarre playoffs of all
time, this summer is shaping up to be a doozy. To help make sense of it all,
we’re bringing back The Offer Sheet, your one-stop shop for all of the latest
on the most intriguing players of the 2025 offseason. From now until the last
future draft pick conveys, your favorite
[rumormongers](https://www.theringer.com/2020/02/06/nba/rumormonger-
nba-2020-trade-deadline) will be providing intel and analysis on all the top
free agents, trade targets, extension candidates, and more. Check back for all
the unsubstantiated scuttlebutt that’s fit to print.

Updated July 17

Heat Map

*Muffled Scream*

Turn on Twitter Notifications

Whole Lotta Smoke

It's Not Nothing

Reckless Speculation

Damian Lillard

Updated

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DamianLillard-1728928022374-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusSigned

SalaryThree years, $42 million

RoleDame Good Homecoming

Age34, 12 Seasons

pts24.962.1 TS%

3P%37.69 3PA/G

ast7.12.8 TOV/G

stl1.21.6 STL%

Top 100 Rankings[43rd ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/damian-lillard)

Damian Lillard

Updated

The Report

Portland is back on Dame Time, just as it should be.

Sometimes storybook endings do happen. Sometimes warm and fuzzy feelings worm
their way into our hearts and the holy bond between a basketball player and
the NBA franchise that drafted them is powerful enough to overcome the
unforgiving modus operandi that professional sports is subject to. Sometimes,
despite truly strange circumstances that are nonsensical enough to merit a
spit-take, we get something that kind of measures out as a miracle.

On its face, the three-year, $42 million contract Damian Lillard has agreed to
sign with the Portland Trail Blazers is confounding. Yes, he’s the most
beloved figure in franchise history and a first-ballot Hall of Famer who may
go down as the second-best shooter the NBA has ever seen. He also just turned
35 years old and tore his Achilles tendon in late April, shortly after
returning from a blood clot diagnosis that sidelined him for a month.

It’s hard to see what leverage Lillard had to land such a substantial deal,
considering he will probably miss all of next season and doesn’t fit with
Portland’s timeline or newfound defensive identity. There _is_ a chance the
nine-time All-Star bounces back from his rehab, looks like his normal self,
and provides an incredible return on the Blazers’ investment. But those odds
don’t feel very likely. And even if they were, why give him the entire full
midlevel exception, let alone a player option, let alone a _freaking no-trade
clause_ , just to take away minutes and shots on a young, possibly ascending
team? What’s the upside there? If Lillard wanted to end his incredible career
where it started, wouldn’t he come back without all this on the table? It’s an
eye-popping detail.

The Trail Blazers are [two years
removed](https://www.theringer.com/2023/09/27/nba/damian-lillard-trade-
milwaukee-bucks-phoenix-suns-portland-trail-blazers) from trading Lillard to
the Milwaukee Bucks. Since then, they’ve operated as an organization that
doesn’t exactly know what their short- and long-term goals actually are. If
this were a genuine rebuild, 31-year-old Jerami Grant (who is signed through
2028) would not still be on the team and the Blazers probably wouldn’t have
acquired 35-year-old Jrue Holiday and the $104 million left on a contract
that’s as long as Grant’s.

This isn’t to say everything Portland’s front office has done is bad (it
isn’t) or that Lillard’s contract will permanently cripple their cap sheet (it
won’t). This team can still have one of the more tenacious defenses in the
league next season and, even with Lillard’s deal, they’re safely under the
tax.

Maybe all my critiques are too cynical. Maybe all the weird stuff about this
development should be ignored and all the cool stuff about it should be
celebrated. I think I fall somewhere in the middle, with a large part of me
looking forward to watching Lillard’s eventual first game back in Portland.
Sometimes professional sports are ruthless. And sometimes, when a cosmic turn
of events miraculously occurs, we should shrug off all the negativity, sit
back, and enjoy it. — _Michael Pina_

Kelly Olynyk

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KellyOlynykM-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusTraded

Salary$13.4 million

RoleHighly functional

Age34, 11 Seasons

pts8.760.9 TS%

3P%41.81.8 3PA/G

stl0.81.8 STL%

reb4.712.4 REB%

Kelly Olynyk

The Report

The Olynyk trade fills out the Spurs’ rotation around Wemby.

The Spurs entered the summer as major players for Kevin Durant and Giannis
Antetokounmpo; more than a week into free agency, they’ve added a different
caliber of big men in Olynyk and Luke Kornet. They should feel great.
Tuesday’s trade for Olynyk, in which San Antonio sent Malaki Branham, Blake
Wesley, and a 2026 second-round pick to Washington, continues the main theme
of the Spurs’ offseason: They’re beefing up their rotation for next season
while also preserving their long-term outlook around Victor Wembanyama. The
dual additions of Kornet and Olynyk address the backup center problem San
Antonio has had for years. Both players will help keep bench units
afloat—Olynyk in particular can bring a five-out dimension to the non-Wemby
minutes—and both can play next to Wembanyama in double-big lineups that will
give head coach Mitch Johnson another look to throw at opponents. The Spurs
have become deep and malleable—that they’ve done so without losing Dylan
Harper, Carter Bryant, Stephon Castle, or Devin Vassell represents a job well
done.

They did have to lose Branham and Wesley, however, the 20th and 25th picks of
the 2022 draft, respectively. Neither player had a pathway to backcourt
minutes in San Antonio, but they’re worthwhile fliers for a Wizards team that,
a day after trading for Cam Whitmore, keeps collecting intriguing assets on
the margins. Branham is a high-feel backup guard who has a silky midrange
jumper but comes with questions about his defense and long-range shooting.
Wesley is a menace on defense who needs to develop more of an offensive game
to stay on the floor. Both should get a chance to stretch themselves in
Washington, where hopefully they’ll turn into the kinds of useful rotation
players the Spurs just traded them for. — _Isaac Levy-Rubinett_

Norm Powell

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/NormPowell-
new-1733883077032-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusTraded

Salary$20.5 million

RoleFlamethrower for rent

Age32, 9 Seasons

pts21.861.5 TS%

3P%41.87.1 3PA/G

stl1.21.8 STL%

ast2.11.8 TOV/G

Top 100 Rankings[58th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/norm-powell)

Norm Powell

The Report

Norm is headed to Miami. Will Bradley Beal take his place?

Entering this offseason, I
[identified](https://www.theringer.com/2025/06/30/nba/nba-free-agency-trade-
rumors-preview-lebron-james-giannis-antetokounmpo) the Los Angeles Clippers as
“my most interesting team of the summer.” A huge reason was Norm Powell’s
footing—after [an extraordinary, All-Star-caliber
campaign](https://www.theringer.com/2025/03/28/nba/norm-powell-los-angeles-
clippers-scoring-stats-nba-playoffs)—on a team that, after trading for Bogdan
Bogdanovic in February, was better positioned to replace him than to pony up
for his next contract _._ On Monday, the Clippers unsurprisingly decided to
get out of the Powell business by shipping him to the Miami Heat in a three-
team deal that brought back John Collins and sent Kyle Anderson, Kevin Love,
and a future second-round pick (via the Clippers) to the Utah Jazz. For Los
Angeles, it’s a sensible financial move that will help balance out a roster
that’s long needed more frontcourt depth.

Back in a winning environment, Collins (who is nearly five years younger than
Powell) makes sense as a skilled stretch 4 with great hands that complement
his screen-and-dive instincts. He can function next to Brook Lopez and Ivica
Zubac, or as the 5 in smaller lineups that pair Collins with James Harden, his
best pick-and-roll partner since Trae Young.

It should be said that Powell, as one of the best outside shooters in the
world with an ever-evolving in-between game, is better than Bogdanovic. In a
different financial ecosystem, the Clippers would have been more likely to
bite the bullet to keep him around. Powell helped carry the Clippers’ offense
last season before Kawhi Leonard’s return, and his gravity will be missed.
If/when Bradley Beal gets bought out by the Phoenix Suns, Los Angeles will now
be an ideal destination—a contender that could use a little more ballhandling
and independent shot creation. [The Clippers are reportedly absorbing
Collins’s contract with an expanded trade
exception](https://x.com/BobbyMarks42/status/1942236145263206874), which still
leaves them $5.3 million worth of the non-taxpayer exception to offer.

For the 2025-26 Heat, Powell’s production is gravy. Sure, there’s some overlap
with Tyler Herro, but Powell doesn’t need the ball to impact winning and can
either be a day one starter or a super sub off the bench. He’ll help offset
pretty much all of the 3-point juice Miami lost with Duncan Robinson’s
departure, too. Beyond this upcoming season, though, it’s hard to say how much
value Powell has. He’s an expiring contract that’s most likely to either slide
off the Heat’s books or be moved before the trade deadline, pending how good
this team actually is in a wretched Eastern Conference.

This deal is good business for pretty much everyone involved, including the
Jazz—who, two years ago to the day, acquired Collins for Rudy Gay and a
second-round pick. They create a gigantic trade exception, save quite a bit of
money, and free up more offensive touches for lottery pick Ace Bailey. The
Clippers proactively received something useful for a player who’d had one foot
out the door since Bogdanovic was acquired (and may be in the driver’s seat
for Beal), while the Heat got a major talent upgrade in an area where they had
to get better if they want to do anything noteworthy this season. _— Michael
Pina_

Bradley Beal

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/BradleyBeal-1729027313166-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusBuyout candidate

Salary$53.7 million (NTC)

RoleSunburned

Age31, 12 Seasons

pts1759.8 TS%

3P%38.65 3PA/G

ast3.71.9 TOV/G

reb3.35.8 REB%

Top 100 Rankings[100th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/bradley-beal)

Bradley Beal

The Report

Phoenix is ready to turn the page on a regrettable era—by any means necessary.

Sometimes it’s better to make a clean break, even if it’s one that’s more
symbolic than it is grounded in reality. The Suns can’t _really_ escape the
tyranny of the Bradley Beal trade, easily one of the worst transactions in
franchise history, but they can make sure that he won’t be around to serve as
a visual reminder.

[Numerous reports](https://x.com/GeraldBourguet/status/1942015226976878688)
out of Phoenix suggest that the Suns are ready to finalize a buyout of Bradley
Beal’s contract, which would reportedly involve Beal relinquishing roughly $14
million of the $110.8 million remaining on his deal in order for the team to
legally waive him with the NBA’s stretch provision. That would allow the Suns
to pay off the remainder of Beal’s onerous contract over five years rather
than two. The move would get the Suns below the luxury tax aprons, granting
them a measure of flexibility with future transactions. But it doesn’t offer
much reward or reprieve beyond that. The team still does not have control over
its own first-round pick until 2032.  

As for Beal, one has to imagine him feeling a bit like Dame Lillard: He’s
essentially getting paid to leave his old team and sign with a team of his
choice, which is perhaps one of the exclusive perks of having a megacontract
grandfathered into the new CBA. Things didn’t work out at all in Phoenix, and
it’s hard to paint a rosy picture of Beal’s on-court impact across his two
seasons with the Suns, but on its face, he’s a 32-year-old playmaker who can
still reach 50-40-80 shooting splits in the twilight of his stardom. With the
Clippers trading Norman Powell [(a fringe All-Star candidate last
season](https://www.theringer.com/2025/03/28/nba/norm-powell-los-angeles-
clippers-scoring-stats-nba-playoffs) in Los Angeles) to the Miami Heat in a
three-team deal on Monday morning, the Clippers have a glaring, Beal-shaped
void to fill. The Bucks—desperate to duct-tape the present in order to
maintain a future with Giannis Antetokounmpo—will surely make a compelling
pitch, but it might not be enough to overshadow the allure of L.A. The
Clippers have a strong track record of rehabilitating the value of lapsed
stars, and given how happy Beal was to veto any trade that would’ve gotten him
out of Phoenix before the trade deadline, Western Conference sunshine might be
a nonnegotiable. We all have our priorities. — _Danny Chau_

Deandre Ayton

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DeAndreAyton-1697564416006-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusSigned

SalaryTwo years, $16.6 million

RoleDomin-nadir

Age26, 6 Seasons

pts14.458.3 TS%

reb10.218.2 REB%

blk12.9 BLK%

stl0.81.2 STL%

Deandre Ayton

The Report

Ayton Watch is over. Long live Ayton Watch.

It was always going to be the Lakers, wasn’t it? As soon as Portland bought
out most of the $35 million owed to Ayton on the final year of his contract on
Sunday, the fate of the former 2018 draft’s no. 1 overall selection seemed
set. There were seeds of doubt planted on Tuesday after Myles Turner signed
with the Milwaukee Bucks, especially given that Indiana was responsible for
Ayton’s max contract, signing him to a four-year, $133 million offer sheet in
the summer of 2022. The deal was then matched by the Phoenix Suns, before
passing the curse along to the Trail Blazers.

And that brings us to this moment, where Ayton—one of the most athletic,
physically imposing, and utterly disinterested 7-footers in league
history—faces a sink-or-swim crossroads in his career. Less than an hour after
his waivers cleared, Ayton and the Lakers agreed to a two-year, $16.6 million
deal with a player option in Year 2. He can be everything the Lakers need in
this dawning of the Luka Doncic era: an undeniable board cleaner, an explosive
lob threat, a forceful rim protector. He just has to maintain his focus long
enough to avoid JJ Redick’s burbling wrath. And he just has to see his limited
role as a blessing rather than an existential reminder of just how wrong the
league got the 2018 draft.

It is all within Ayton’s power. It wasn’t _that_ long ago that he was a
starting center in the NBA Finals. He’s one of only four players who has
averaged an [effective field goal percentage higher than 60 percent on at
least 12 shots per game since the 2020-21
season](https://stathead.com/tiny/1NxMa), behind only Nikola Jokic and
Domantas Sabonis. There’s a lot riding on Ayton’s compliance; probably too
much. It’s not a great sign that the Lakers—who otherwise this offseason have
replaced Dorian Finney-Smith with Jake LaRavia—needed Ayton as much as they
do. But they have him now. That’s one fire extinguished. Now, about this
LeBron situation … — _Danny Chau_

Spencer Dinwiddie

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/SpencerDinwiddieM-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusSigned

SalaryOne year, $TBD million

RoleStore of value (this is a crypto joke)

Age32, 10 Seasons

pts1155.3 TS%

ast4.41.3 TOV/G

3P%33.44.1 3PA/G

stl0.91.6 STL%

Spencer Dinwiddie

The Report

The Hornets now have a boatload of guards and a boatload of future assets.
What’s cooking in Charlotte?

Signing Dinwiddie to a one-year deal isn’t particularly intriguing on its
own—he’s a tall, inefficient lead guard whose ball-handling craft and scoring
mentality on the floor give just about any team a sensible creator who can
scale up in a pinch (though you don’t really _want_ that). Signing Dinwiddie
when you’re a young team with a preponderance of guard talent—both established
and developing—is a bit more noteworthy. The Hornets’ center rotation is
entirely reliant on two ends of the spectrum: 35-year-old Mason Plumlee, in
his second stint with the team in less than three seasons, and rookie Ryan
Kalkbrenner. Their guard rotation? Overflowing. LaMelo Ball. Collin Sexton.
Tre Mann and Nick Smith Jr., who are both aspiring Dinwiddies already on the
roster.

What are the Hornets up to? Well, what any young team ought to be doing this
time of year: accruing value through the draft, free agency, and trades. The
theme of Charlotte’s draft was acquiring players who know how to play
basketball, who can give structure to a team that is still seeing what it has
in the freelancing talents of both LaMelo and Brandon Miller. The other
transactions have seemed more about setting them up to cash out down the line.
Players like Sexton and Dinwiddie probably won’t be long for this team. Both
players will carry more value during the season, closer to the trade deadline,
when some team on the cusp will talk itself into trading for _one more_ ball
handler for the playoff push. That’s where the Hornets will gorge. Charlotte
has four incoming first-round picks from 2026 to 2029. It has 12 future
second-round picks between now and 2032. The stockpile is getting nice and
fat. And there’s plenty of time left for it to grow. — _Danny Chau_

Jakob Poeltl

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JakobPoeltl-1733847440855-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusExtended

SalaryFour years, $104 million

RoleOl' Reliable

Age29, 8 Seasons

pts14.564.1 TS%

reb9.617.4 REB%

blk1.24 BLK%

ast2.81.9 TOV/G

Jakob Poeltl

The Report

Find someone who loves you the way the Raptors love Jakob Poeltl.

Masai Ujiri and the Raptors parted ways last week, but the cult of Jakob
Poeltl clearly lives on in Toronto’s front office. On Tuesday, the Raptors
signed the Austrian big man to a four-year extension worth $104 million,
continuing a long-term investment in Poeltl that gets more confounding with
each passing move. Poeltl is really good! He’s a smart player who can anchor a
defense and is surprisingly adept at handling the ball, running dribble
handoffs, and finding open cutters; I’ve been a resident of the [Poeltl public
housing](https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2024/jan/10/the-social-
housing-secret-how-vienna-became-the-worlds-most-livable-city) complex since
his days running pick-and-rolls with Dejounte Murray in San Antonio. But this
extension—worth about the same amount per year as recent deals for Myles
Turner and Naz Reid—is hard to justify for a non-shooting big in general and
even more so for the Toronto Raptors specifically.  

Even though they were just 26-30 at the time, the Raptors gave up a first-
rounder (which later became Rob Dillingham) for Poeltl at the 2023 trade
deadline. It was an odd calculus for a team that seemed more likely to rebuild
around Scottie Barnes than re-up with Pascal Siakam and OG Anunoby. Sure
enough, the latter two wings have since been traded, but Toronto’s plan
doesn’t seem any clearer than it did two years ago. The new core of Poeltl,
Barnes, and Brandon Ingram is expensive and largely anachronistic in the
modern, 3-point-oriented game. The Raptors also just used the ninth pick on
Collin Murray-Boyles, another playmaking forward with questions about his
outside shot who figures to get rotation minutes as a small-ball 5. Toronto
didn’t need to extend Poeltl now, let alone at this price point. Why not
canvas the league to see what a team like the Lakers might part with for
center help or wait to evaluate the early returns of the Ingram-Poeltl-Barnes
trio, which has yet to play a single minute together? As a Poeltl believer,
I’m glad he’s found an NBA home where he’s appreciated. I just wish his team
had a better understanding of what, exactly, it has. — _Isaac Levy-Rubinett_  

Myles Turner

Updated

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/MylesTurner-1728927058012-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusSigned

SalaryFour years, $107 million

RoleBucks wild

Age29, 9 Seasons

pts15.661.2 TS%

reb6.512.1 REB%

blk26 BLK%

3P%39.65.5 3PA/G

Top 100 Rankings[76th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/myles-turner)

Myles Turner

Updated

The Report

Turner’s jump to Milwaukee sends the first major shock wave of free agency.

After spending years in the trenches of the trade machine, Myles Turner is
finally moving on from the Pacers—but in the end, it was of his own volition.
On Tuesday morning, Turner and the Milwaukee Bucks agreed to a surprise four-
year, $107 million contract—with a player option in 2028-29—ending a 10-year
tenure with the only NBA franchise Turner’s ever known. For the Pacers, the
departure is yet another painful ripple effect of Tyrese Haliburton’s Game 7
Achilles injury, already an all-time NBA what-if whose tendrils have now
further reshaped the futures of two Eastern Conference foes. Indiana, which
was reportedly loath to pay the luxury tax for a season Haliburton will miss,
will likely use the upcoming season to retool the roster with an eye toward
2026-27. Milwaukee, meanwhile, will apparently never stop going all in as long
as Giannis Antetokounmpo is on the team.

In the most shocking aspect of the transaction, the Bucks have _waived_ nine-
time All-Star Damian Lillard, whose $113 million contract will be stretched
over the next five seasons to make room for Turner on the cap sheet.
Essentially, Milwaukee would rather eat $22.5 million per year for the next
half decade than $54 million next season and $58 million the one after that,
when Lillard will be entering his age-36 season after rehabbing an Achilles
tear. This approach carries significant medium- and long-term risk for
Milwaukee—[according to Bobby
Marks](https://x.com/BobbyMarks42/status/1940069581009424830), it’s the
largest waive-and-stretch in NBA history—but it indisputably raises the Bucks’
ceiling in a depleted conference next season. Turner is one of only a few rim-
protecting, floor-stretching bigs in today’s NBA, and despite a rough shooting
performance in the Finals, he just proved capable of contributing to
championship-level basketball. After re-signing Bobby Portis, Gary Trent Jr.,
Taurean Prince, Jericho Sims, and Kevin Porter Jr.; signing Turner and [Gary
Harris](https://x.com/ShamsCharania/status/1940077973484577147); and [trading
for Vasilije Micic](https://x.com/ShamsCharania/status/1940088416487833620),
Milwaukee is building out the bones of a competent NBA rotation.

This sort of aggression has been the calling card of Bucks general manager Jon
Horst throughout Giannis’s tenure. Horst’s bold trade for Jrue Holiday helped
propel Milwaukee to a championship, and then he spun Holiday into Lillard when
it seemed as if his team had reached the end of its rope. Once again, Horst
has unearthed a creative way out of what seemed like an impossible situation.
The question now is whether he’s backed himself _out_ of a corner or into an
even more confining one. Giannis’s future in Milwaukee has been the biggest
story in the NBA since his team was knocked out of the playoffs (and for what
it’s worth, Chris Haynes
[says](https://x.com/ChrisBHaynes/status/1940072767476703596) that Giannis is
not pleased with the Bucks’ decision to waive Dame). Given its roster and lack
of future assets, [we’re not
sure](https://www.theringer.com/2025/06/30/nba/giannis-antetokounmpo-trade-
rumors-milwaukee-bucks-free-agency) whether a path back to contention actually
_exists_ for Milwaukee. But Horst has proved once again that he’ll leave no
stone unturned in trying to locate it. — _Isaac Levy-Rubinett_

Josh Giddey

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JoshGiddey-1729001868355-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusRestricted Free Agent

RoleHair Jordan

Age22, 3 Seasons

pts14.657\. TS%

reb8.114 REB%

ast7.22.9 TOV/G

3P%37.84 3PA/G

Top 100 Rankings[81st ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/josh-giddey)

Josh Giddey

Essential Question

What is Giddey worth?

There doesn’t seem to be much question about what team Josh Giddey will play
for next season—at this point in the summer, cap space has pretty much dried
up around the NBA, leaving Giddey and the Chicago Bulls alone at the
negotiation table. Still, that doesn’t mean the path to a new deal will be
straightforward. Giddey is reportedly chasing a Jalen Suggs–esque $30 million
per year, while the Bulls want to sign him for something … down under that.
When you factor in the constraints of restricted free agency and Chicago’s
confounding track record, Giddey’s next contract becomes one of the more
intriguing subplots of the remaining offseason.

Pinpointing Giddy’s value is tricky. On the one hand, he is a ball-dominant
guard with a shaky 3-point shot whom Sam Presti jettisoned to polish off a
championship roster. On the other hand, he’s still just 22 years old, and
6-foot-8 players with his skill set don’t grow on trees. Last season, Giddey
was [one of just three players](https://stathead.com/basketball/player-season-
finder.cgi?request=1&year_min=2025&year_max=2025&ccomp%5B1%5D=gt&cval%5B1%5D=14&cstat%5B1%5D=pts_per_g&ccomp%5B2%5D=gt&cval%5B2%5D=8&cstat%5B2%5D=trb_per_g&ccomp%5B3%5D=gt&cval%5B3%5D=7&cstat%5B3%5D=ast_per_g)
to average at least 14 points, eight rebounds, and seven assists per game—the
other two were Nikola Jokic and Luka Doncic. His post–All-Star Game averages
will make your head spin: 21, 11, and nine on 46 percent 3-point shooting,
spearheading a 16-8 finishing kick for the Bulls. Sure, that screams
UNSUSTAINABLE, but Giddey isn’t wrong to want more money than, say, Alex
Caruso, whom Chicago gave up in a straight-up swap for Giddey a year ago.

The [gulf](https://x.com/Drew_H_Stevens/status/1940875666989125914) between
Giddey’s self-perception and his own team’s evaluation highlights the rock-
and-a-hard-place nature of restricted free agency for today’s young players.
The best ones sign long-term extensions before ever reaching this point. Ditto
for the less accomplished ones with more straightforward skill sets ([think
Jabari Smith Jr.](https://nbarankings.theringer.com/the-offer-sheet/jabari-
smith-jr)). But Giddey is more polarizing, and given the similar lack of
movement in the situations of fellow RFAs Jonathan Kuminga and Cam Thomas,
it’s fair to wonder whether restricted free agency has simply become a
marketplace for misfit toys. And it’s past time to reevaluate the utility of
restricted free agency in a league where cap space is harder to come by.
Having arrived at this point, though, Giddey’s options now are to sign an
[offer sheet](https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/hey-look-at-us) with another team
(unlikely), agree to a likely below-market deal with the Bulls, or accept an
$11 million qualifying offer for next season and test _unrestricted_ free
agency in 2026. Giddey’s eventual contract won’t shift the balance of power in
the East, but teams and young players around the league should be paying
attention. — _Isaac Levy-Rubinett_

Jonas Valanciunas

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JonasValanciunasM-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusTraded

Salary$10.4 million

RoleBackup beef

Age33, 12 Seasons

pts10.460.2 TS%

reb7.722 REB%

3P%21.60.5 3PA/G

ast21.5 TOV/G

Jonas Valanciunas

The Report

The Nuggets take yet another stab at a backup center.

The Denver Nuggets traded Dario Saric for Jonas Valanciunas on Tuesday
morning. There were no picks involved, no swaps, no sweeteners. If that makes
no sense to you, if you look at the deal and wonder why on earth the Kings
would trade a better player for a worse one—well, it saves Sacramento $5
million and allows it to use the full $14.1 million non-taxpayer midlevel
exception on whichever point guard it decides to sign. Dennis Schröder, [come
on down](https://x.com/ShamsCharania/status/1940088563292307695)! The Beam
continues to dim. The purple is curdling.

As for the Nugs, this is another nice move in what has already been a dramatic
offseason. After reconfiguring their starting lineup in the MPJ-for–Cam
Johnson trade and bringing back Bruce “Buckeroo” Brown for the minimum, the
Nuggets have now finally found a proper beefy boy ([happy Beef
Week](https://www.theringer.com/2025/06/30/pop-culture/beef-ranking-best-
celebrity-feuds)!) to back up Big Honey. The non-Jokic minutes have been a
series of misadventures and faceplants for years now. JV gives Denver a chance
to at least keep the car on the road while Jokic catches a breather, another
big to bang against the increasingly capable bigs of the Western Conference.
The Nuggets never stopped being formidable—that’s one of the perks of
employing the Joker—but their retooled and refurbished roster is better today
than it was when their season ended. Yeehaw. — _Tyler Parker_

LeBron James

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/LebronJames-1728999922314-small.png)

Turn on Twitter Notifications

StatusFeeling blue

Salary$52.6 million

RoleFading GOAT

Age40, 21 Seasons

pts24.460.4 TS%

reb7.812.6 REB%

ast8.23.7 TOV/G

stl11.4 STL%

Top 100 Rankings[12th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/lebron-james)

LeBron James

The Report

The Lakers need a center. And, you know, a resolution with LeBron.

NBA free agency is officially underway, and the Lakers still don’t have a
center. Clint Capela, Brook Lopez, and Luke Kornet are off the board. Deandre
Ayton, Al Horford, and (please don’t laugh but technically speaking) Myles
Turner are still available. Ayton is the most realistic and sensible target,
but L.A. already used a chunk of its full midlevel exception to replace Dorian
Finney-Smith with Jake LaRavia. So that leaves about $8.2 million from that
well—for those keeping track at home, that amount is less than the Clippers
paid Lopez—plus the $5.1 million biannual exception at the Lakers’ disposal.
They have three empty roster spots and just under $14 million to spend before
they hit the first apron (which they’re hard capped against and unable to
cross).

Smart money is on them landing Ayton. But even if they do, then what? He is
not the difference-making big they need to make a deep playoff run. There are
questions about his offensive fit and defensive reliability, and if he’s
playing with a new, splashy contract in mind, on a team that needs him to
screen, dive, rebound, and protect the rim … well, it may not go over so well.

Speaking of unresolved dilemmas, the LeBron James drama will not be settled
until he’s on a different team, because this one isn’t anywhere close to
winning a championship and winning a championship is apparently his priority.
Trade rumors or even speculation about when the Lakers will buy him out will
linger deep into the season. Late Monday night, [ESPN’s Shams
Charania](https://x.com/ShamsCharania/status/1939907387986457007) reported
that LeBron and the Lakers were nearing a “moment of truth.” The whole
situation is awkward, especially with LeBron’s son involved.

There are still a few paths to getting better, but the Lakers have only one
tradable first-round pick (plus four pick swaps) and clearly want to carve out
as much long-term flexibility as they can. Austin Reaves is a trade candidate;
exchanging him for someone who better complements Luka Doncic—and isn’t about
to break the bank in unrestricted free agency—would make sense. (Reaves for
Daniel Gafford seems like a win-win, even though the Mavericks just signed
D’Angelo Russell and are run by a general manager who has “defense wins
championships” tattooed across his back.)

Trade Reaves, though, and a bad 3-point-shooting team will get even worse. And
what happens if and when 40-year-old LeBron misses two weeks with a sprained
ankle or even longer with some other injury? Doncic became the center of the
Lakers’ universe the moment they traded for him, but they can’t appropriately
treat him that way until James is gone. None of this is ideal. _—Michael Pina_

Michael Porter Jr.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/MichaelPorterJr-1728928110571-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusTraded

Salary$38.3 million

RoleTall Cam Johnson

Age26, 5 Seasons

pts18.261.7 TS%

3P%39.56.4 3PA/G

reb711.4 REB%

blk0.51.3 BLK%

Top 100 Rankings[73rd ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/michael-porter-jr)

Michael Porter Jr.

The Report

TRADE: That’s not MPJ, it’s Cam Johnson and an 11-year-old stacked in a trench
coat.

The Michael Porter Jr. era has officially ended in Denver. Two years after he
helped the Nuggets win the first championship in franchise history, Denver has
traded Porter and an unprotected first-round pick in 2032 to the Brooklyn Nets
for Cam Johnson. With great size and a superhuman ability to hit contested 3s
on the move, Porter is a solid fit just about anywhere, beside almost anyone.
But that’s not why the Nets did this. For the trouble of taking back Porter’s
massive contract—which, as one of two teams with meaningful cap space, they
can afford to do—Brooklyn just acquired one of the most valuable assets in the
league. In 2032, Nikola Jokic will be 37 years old, and there’s a decent
chance the Nuggets will be very bad. That draft pick is an incredible chip for
a rebuilding team to stick in its cupboard. Great job by Nets GM Sean Marks
and a front office that seems committed to slow-rolling this thing and
building out a sustainable product (while also having enough trade assets to
swing for a superstar if/when they want to).

Where things get far more interesting in the present day is the other side of
this deal. By trading away a fixture on one of the better starting lineups in
the league, Denver saved about $17.3 million and ducked well under the luxury
tax without sacrificing too much (any?) on-court production. Johnson, who will
turn 30 in March, is three years older than MPJ, but he’s one of the better
outside threats in the league: His scalding 1.24 points per shot on catch-and-
shoot movement 3s ranked in the 81st percentile last season, per Sportradar.

Johnson is also exceptional off the ball and has become an excellent finisher
around the basket, which is ideal as a complementary piece in any offense that
revolves around Jokic. Losing that future first stings, but much less so when
you realize Denver can absolutely win the title next season. Minutes after the
Porter trade was announced, the Nuggets also brought back Bruce Brown Jr. [on
a one-year deal at the veteran
minimum](https://x.com/sam_amick/status/1939830352924835914), which leaves
open a full $14.1 midlevel exception that can still be used to solve the depth
issues that plagued this team last season before it fell in the second round
to the eventual champion Oklahoma City Thunder. There’s no time to exhale in
the Western Conference. And thanks to a trade that opens up more short- and
long-term financial flexibility—the salary relief in 2027 makes it a lot
easier to re-sign Christian Braun and creates a huge trade exception—the
Nuggets aren’t going anywhere. — _Michael Pina_

Shai Gilgeous-Alexander

Updated

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ShaiGilgeousAlexander-1728927692340-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusExtended

SalaryFour years, $285 million

RoleSG, eh?

Age26, 6 Seasons

pts32.763.7 TS%

ast6.42.4 TOV/G

stl1.72.4 STL%

blk13 BLK%

Top 100 Rankings[2nd ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/shai-gilgeousalexander)

Shai Gilgeous-Alexander

Updated

The Report

SGA punctuates his historic season with a historic bag.

Oh, how it pays to be Shai. On Tuesday morning—Canada Day, no less!—Gilgeous-
Alexander agreed to a four-year, $285 million supermax contract extension with
the Oklahoma City Thunder. The new deal will keep him in OKC through the
2030-31 season and pay him the largest annual salary ($71.3 million) in NBA
history. It also caps one of the best years any human has ever had, surely. In
a matter of months, Gilgeous-Alexander has won the scoring title, the MVP
award, the NBA championship, and Finals MVP, and now he’s guaranteed himself
over a quarter of a billion dollars as the centerpiece for the best-positioned
team in the league.

[Like Jaylen Brown before
him](https://www.theringer.com/2023/07/26/nba/jaylen-brown-biggest-contract-
in-nba-history), Gilgeous-Alexander won’t have the richest contract in NBA
history for long. That particular factoid is as much a product of timing and
the league’s rising salary cap as it is of SGA’s greatness. But unlike Brown
and some of the other names near the top of the [AAV
leaderboard](https://www.spotrac.com/nba/contracts) (Joel Embiid—gulp), Shai’s
massive contract shouldn’t ever become cumbersome to his team. Sam Presti has
meticulously balanced OKC’s cap sheet to the point that the Thunder can afford
to pay SGA and his two emerging costars in Jalen Williams and Chet Holmgren,
both of whom are also extension-eligible this summer. And Gilgeous-Alexander
is still _so_ young. Because he’s just 26 years old, it’s likely that we
haven’t even seen the best version of him yet: SGA still has room to grow as a
playmaker and a 3-point shooter, which should terrify the rest of the league.
That’s part of the reason OKC’s championship win a couple of weeks ago felt
more like a beginning than a culmination. The Thunder are set up for the long
haul, and this well-deserved contract for SGA is merely the next step. —
_Isaac Levy-Rubinett_  

Nickeil Alexander-Walker

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/NickeilAlexanderWalker-1751329291754-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusSigned

SalaryFour years, $62 million

RoleCaw-NAW!

Age26, 6 Seasons

pts9.457.9

3P%38.14.5 3PA/G

reb3.20.7 ORB/G

ast2.71.2 TOV/G

Nickeil Alexander-Walker

The Report

The Hawks are finally building something special around Trae Young. Alexander-
Walker’s arrival is further evidence.

Alexander-Walker has agreed to a four-year, $62 million deal with the Atlanta
Hawks, who have quickly emerged as one of the big winners in the offseason.
There were plenty of teams that expressed interest in NAW, a culture-setting
two-way player who applies pressure at the point of attack without fouling and
immediately slots in as one of the Hawks’ best 3-point shooters (a cohort that
now also includes Luke Kennard, who signed a one-year, $11 million deal with
Atlanta on Monday night). That Alexander-Walker chose Atlanta speaks volumes
about what the Hawks have built seemingly overnight. Trae is suddenly
surrounded by strong perimeter defenders (NAW, Dyson Daniels, Zaccharie
Risacher, and Jalen Johnson) and impactful rim protectors (Kristaps Porzingis
and Onyeka Okongwu).  

The Hawks are clearly adapting to the NBA’s new meta-game, as demonstrated by
the Oklahoma City Thunder and Indiana Pacers in the NBA Finals. Teams need
depth, stamina, and players who can apply pressure across 94 feet—from the
backcourt to the painted area. This is a bet on Young’s ability to galvanize a
team that makes a whole lot of sense on paper and turn it into something even
greater. But it’s also just a bet on smart, versatile talent. Hard to go wrong
with that. — _Danny Chau_

Giannis Antetokounmpo

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/GiannisAntetekounmpo-1728920065023-small.png)

Turn on Twitter Notifications

StatusTrade Target

Salary$54.1 million

RoleZeus on the loose?

Age30, 11 Seasons

pts30.462.5 TS%

reb11.919 REB%

ast6.53.1 TOV/G

blk1.23.2 BLK%

Top 100 Rankings[3rd ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/giannis-antetokounmpo)

Giannis Antetokounmpo

The Report

The Bucks are signing guys, but are they enough to keep Giannis?

The biggest story of the NBA offseason continues to be what _isn’t_ a story
yet: [Giannis Antetokounmpo has not asked for a trade from the Milwaukee
Bucks](https://www.theringer.com/2025/06/30/nba/giannis-antetokounmpo-trade-
rumors-milwaukee-bucks-free-agency). After the Bucks lost in the first round
and lost Damian Lillard to an Achilles tear, it was a somewhat (foolish?)
foregone conclusion that Giannis would ask out. But free agency has officially
begun, Giannis hasn’t uttered a peep, and the Bucks are doing their damnedest
to build a competent enough roster around their star so that he has a chance
to win in the depleted Eastern Conference and doesn’t have to ask out.  

So what has that looked like?_Oof._ Let’s start with the good news. The Bucks
reached deals with Bobby Portis, Taurean Prince, Gary Trent Jr., and Kevin
Porter Jr. to bring all four back. That quartet doesn’t scream _championship_
, but at a minimum, it suggests competency. The bad news? Milwaukee lost Brook
Lopez to the Los Angeles Clippers, leaving a 7-foot hole in its defense and
Doc Rivers’s rotation. While Lopez will turn 38 before next postseason, the
free agent center market is thinner than Giannis was his rookie season, and
it’s hard to imagine that the Bucks won’t take a step back at that position.
Factor in the massive downgrade at point guard as well … and these can’t be
the moves Giannis was envisioning. Or at least, they’d better be a precursor
to some other magical move.

All hope is not lost. The Nuggets somehow turned Michael Porter Jr. and a
future first into Cam Johnson. Similar wizardry could be possible in
Milwaukee. But the odds of Giannis staying are shifting in the wrong direction
for the Bucks. A few days ago, DraftKings listed his odds to play for the
Bucks on opening night at -500. [Now it’s down to
-200](https://sportsbook.draftkings.com/leagues/basketball/nba?category=player-
next-team&subcategory=player-next-team), which essentially equates to a
favorable coin flip. The Atlanta Hawks are now the betting favorite to land
him, and there’s a good chance that the summer’s biggest story is just getting
started. _—Matt Dollinger_

Dorian Finney-Smith

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DorianFinneySmithM-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusSigned

SalaryFour years, $53 million

RoleRare Doe-Doe

Age32, 8 Seasons

stl0.91.6 STL%

blk0.41.2 BLK%

ast1.40.9 TOV/G

3P%41.15 3PA/G

Dorian Finney-Smith

The Report

Finney-Smith adds to Houston’s deep bench of wings … while leaving a massive
void for the Lakers.

The Lakers may be Luka Doncic’s team now, but they’ll be embarking upon this
new era in earnest without one of his favorite teammates. Finney-Smith, who
opted out of the final year of his contract on Sunday, came to a swift four-
year, $53 million agreement with the Rockets in the opening hour of free
agency on Monday—less in annual value than his $15.4 million option, but
signing him through his age-35 season. L.A. coughed up three future second-
round picks just last December to land Finney-Smith, and the veteran 3-and-D
wing became a crucial glue guy, particularly once Doncic, his former Dallas
running mate, came aboard two months later. With only Jaxson Hayes left on the
center depth chart, the Lakers relied heavily on small-ball lineups, and DFS’s
ability to knock down 3s and guard bigger opponents helped stitch everything
together: He finished with the highest net rating (11.1) on the entire team.
So while L.A. patrols the open market to fill its gaping void at center, it’s
suddenly perilously thin at forward, albeit with a virtually clean cap sheet
next summer to let Doncic (who holds a player option in 2026) choose whatever
future he desires.

In Houston, Finney-Smith figures to serve a similar low-maintenance, fill-the-
gaps role, only as the old head for a deep bench of defensive-minded wings.
The 32-year-old will likely team with Amen Thompson on the starting unit to
ease the burden on Alperen Sengun in the back line and a 37-year-old Kevin
Durant, but the minutes crunch could get complicated from there: In addition
to having Thompson and fellow Terror Twin Tari Eason, the Rockets extended
Jabari Smith Jr., re-signed Jae’Sean Tate, and still have Cam Whitmore
languishing on the deep end of the bench. But the possibility of trading some
of that depth to take a swing at a Giannis-type player remains, and Finney-
Smith, now with 10,000 hours of helping on-the-fly rosters fit, is the exact
player you want if it happens. — _Justin Verrier_

Brook Lopez

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/BrookLopez-1729001470243-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusSigned

SalaryTwo years, $18 million

RoleThe Wall, Pt. 2

Age37, 16 Seasons

pts1362.4 TS%

blk1.95.4 BLK%

3P%37.34.7 3PA/G

reb58.6 REB%

Brook Lopez

The Report

In acquiring Lopez, the Clippers reinforce a position of strength—and their
status as the NBA’s oldest team.

The Clippers aren’t in the business of teaching old dogs new tricks; they just
really like old dogs. In the early hours of free agency, Lopez and the Los
Angeles Clippers agreed to a two-year, $18 million contract. The longtime
3-and-D big—now the oldest player on a Clippers roster with a league-leading
three players born in the 1980s—is kind of a perfect Clippers signing. The
franchise is frothing for its first title and will take its team right up to
the edge of basketball mortality for its best, last shot of this weird era.

Lopez will present a different wrinkle to the Clippers offense; he’s the type
of sharpshooting big that the team hasn’t really had since the last gasps of
Serge Ibaka. Lopez’s efficacy has remained remarkably consistent even as he’s
entered his late 30s—he’ll spot up from deep and be a reliable changeup option
for James Harden in pick-and-pop actions. On defense, he’ll be asked to do
what he’s been asked to do his entire career: hold up in drop coverage. Even
in his 17th season, he was one of the league leaders in number of [field goals
defended](https://www.nba.com/stats/players/defense-dash-
overall?SeasonType=Regular%20Season&dir=D&sort=D_FGA) (Brook was third; new
frontcourt mate Ivica Zubac was fifth). But it became clear down the stretch
of Milwaukee’s season that Lopez couldn’t shoulder the burden full time for
much longer. Now, as Zubac’s backup, he won’t have to.  

From the Bucks’ perspective, this marks yet another erosion of the 2021
championship squad. Jrue Holiday is gone. Khris Middleton is gone. Now Lopez
is gone too. Only Pat Connaughton and the recently re-signed Bobby Portis
remain. For seven seasons, the Bucks could rely on one of the rarest kinds of
players, even in his older age: a player whose ability to be an anchor in the
paint on defense and a floor spacer on offense allowed Giannis to become the
all-time game-wrecking great that he is. Though the past few years have
yielded diminishing returns, that skill set might be the hardest for the Bucks
to approximate in this strange future they’ve constructed for themselves. —
_Danny Chau_

Jaren Jackson Jr.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JarenJacksonJr-1728999745610-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusExtended

SalaryFive years, $240 million

RoleAhead of the 8-ball

Age25, 6 Seasons

pts22.259.1 TS%

blk1.54.7 BLK%

3P%37.55.3 3PA/G

reb5.610 REB%

Top 100 Rankings[25th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/jaren-jackson-jr)

Jaren Jackson Jr.

The Report

JJJ is about to make $$$.

The crickets were getting a bit loud at the start of the first NBA free agency
period without Adrian Wojnarowski in … ages. The first big name to enter our
feeds? JJJ, who is staying put in Memphis. Jackson and the Grizzlies agreed to
a five-year, $240 million maximum extension, which includes a player option in
2029-30. The new contract also comes with a new jersey number: switching from
the no. 13 he wore in his first seven seasons to no. 8.

Jackson is coming off his best NBA season to date. He was the Grizzlies’ most
reliable offensive player, having leveled up his ability to take defenders off
the bounce and create his own opportunities. A player with his size, shooting
ability, and a suddenly refined dribble-drive game is a walking mismatch—and
that’s just on offense. JJJ also earned his third All-Defensive designation by
being an organizational principle for Memphis unto himself—the Grizzlies
allowed 108.6 points per 100 possessions with Jackson on the floor, a
defensive rating that would have ranked second only to the NBA champion
Oklahoma City Thunder during the regular season.

But he has his fair share of critics, and the noise will only get louder with
the max money he’ll soon be bringing in. While he’s marginally improved his
foul rate over the years, it’s still on the high side, which removes a layer
of physicality in key moments down the stretch. The lack of rebounds, along
with the high volume of 3s and push shots only reinforce an image that he
lacks physicality. He’s yet to have a signature series in the postseason,
which hasn’t helped his case, either. The playoffs are a raised stage of
basketball where winning the possession battle becomes critical, and thus far,
it’s only gone to highlight just how poor a rebounder Jackson has been his
entire career. Still, despite his flaws, JJJ has become one of the best modern
two-way floor raisers in the league, and he’s yet to turn 26. There is still
upside to mine in these prime years. Memphis is banking on continuity with
both JJJ and frontcourt mate Santi Aldama, who opted against the restricted
free agency song and dance by re-signing on a three-year, $52.5 million deal.
It’s clear that the Grizzlies aren’t blowing up this core any time soon. —
_Danny Chau_  

D'Angelo Russell

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DAngeloRussell-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusSigned

SalaryTwo years, $13 million

RoleNotably Not Kyrie

Age29, 9 Seasons

pts12.652.2 TS%

3P%31.46.2 3PA/G

ast5.11.9 TOV/G

stl11.9 STL%

D'Angelo Russell

The Report

The Mavs turn to D-Lo to fill their point guard vacancy.

For as much as D’Angelo Russell
[aspires](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spPOsx7lYxc) to play like Derrick
White, his new team will need him to channel his inner Kyrie Irving. In the
early moments of free agency, Russell and the Dallas Mavericks agreed to a
two-year, $13 million deal that addresses a core need for both parties: Dallas
gets a creator who can steer the offensive ship while Irving rehabs from ACL
surgery, and Russell gets an invitation to be his most unabashed self. For all
of his weaknesses—namely, contributing to serious basketball—Russell is one of
the game’s premier heat-check artists. If he can generate a few game-swinging
quarters and match his career averages of 17 points and six assists per game,
it will go a long way toward keeping Dallas afloat until Kyrie gets back.

For Russell, this new deal—which comes with a player option in Year
2—represents a golden opportunity to rehabilitate his image after a lost half-
season in Brooklyn. The Mavs are no one’s idea of a balanced team, but their
defense-first orientation is uniquely suited to cover for their newest
addition. As of Monday, Dallas has four centers and four forwards on its
roster—and that’s not including Klay Thompson, who’s effectively a 4 at this
stage of his career, or Cooper Flagg, who is already being floated by Jason
Kidd as another potential solution at point guard. At this point, D-Lo and the
Mavericks need each other. There aren’t many questions on a basketball court
that should be answered with the words “D’Angelo Russell,” but “who the hell
is going to dribble the ball for the Mavericks?” might actually be one of
them. — _Isaac Levy-Rubinett_

James Harden

Updated

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JamesHarden-
new-1732046759070-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusSigned

SalaryTwo years, $81 million

RoleBeard trimmer

Age35, 15 Seasons

pts22.858.2 TS%

ast8.74.3 TOV/G

3P%35.28.5 3PA/G

reb5.89.3 REB%

Top 100 Rankings[30th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/james-harden)

James Harden

Updated

The Report

Harden proves that the hometown discount is a real thing after all.

No surprises here: The Beard is back. Harden declined a $36.3 million player
option on the final year of his contract and will re-sign with the Clippers
for less than the value that his 2024-25 season probably warranted. The two-
year, $81.5 million agreement is a win for both parties: Harden will receive a
marginal raise for what was arguably the most impactful season of his 30s, and
the Clippers will now have access to the full $14.1 million midlevel exception
as well as the ability to part ways with Harden in Year 2 of the deal due to a
partial guarantee in the contract. This will be the last run for the Clippers
as currently constructed—it’s just a matter of whether it will last one season
or two.

Even amid inevitable, age-related decline, Harden—one of the most influential
offensive talents of the past quarter century—proved this past season that he
is an efficient offense unto himself, as he has been for more than a decade.
He is the ultimate floor-raiser: Give him enough perimeter support and he’s
capable of taking just about any team into the postseason; give him a solid
big man, and he’ll help create a star where there wasn’t one. The Clippers
took the Denver Nuggets to seven games in what was the best first-round series
of the playoffs. With a healthy Kawhi Leonard and the flexibility to add
another depth piece and re-sign Nicolas Batum, the Clippers ought to have
everything they need to keep themselves relevant in a ruthless Western
Conference. After a turbulent few years out East, Harden has found peace of
mind back home, and it shows. His new contract is a token for all he’s done to
keep a snakebitten Clippers franchise in the hunt; it’s also a crystal-clear
reminder of the timeline the franchise is on. The only real way to reward
Harden’s generosity is to take what has eluded him—and the Clippers—for their
entire respective NBA existences. — _Danny Chau_

Julius Randle

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JuliusRandle-
new-1733883165802-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusSigned

SalaryThree years, $100 million

RoleWolf in KAT's clothing

Age30, 10 Seasons

pts18.759.3 TS%

reb7.112.1 REB%

3P%34.44.6 3PA/G

ast4.72.8 TOV/G

Top 100 Rankings[52nd ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/julius-randle)

Julius Randle

The Report

Randle and the Wolves agree to continue their arrangement.

After he defied (impossibly low) expectations and was a solid plus in the
playoffs for the first time in his career, Julius Randle has signed a three-
year, $100 million contract with the Minnesota Timberwolves. This is fine for
both sides. This contract provides short-term stability for Randle and the
Wolves, who—after the much-publicized pursuit of Kevin Durant—should feel
satisfied with where they are.

Randle turns 31 in November and, despite being something of an acquired taste,
eventually settled in as a suitable sidekick for Anthony Edwards. Last season,
he averaged 18.7 points, 7.1 rebounds, and 4.7 assists per game. At this
point, letting the prime return from last September’s Karl-Anthony Towns
blockbuster walk wouldn’t have made sense; signing him to a contract that’s
low enough to keep the Timberwolves out of the second apron is significant.
Minnesota just reached the Western Conference finals for the second straight
season and employ a 23-year-old prodigious talent with MVP potential. It also
just re-signed Naz Reid to a five-year contract (see below), and, even though
free agent Nickeil Alexander-Walker is likely gone, continuity is the Wolves’
friend.

At the same time, none of this guarantees Randle will spend the next three
years in Minnesota. This new contract is short enough to be moved in another
deal sometime down the line. It’s hefty but far from prohibitive, opening up
some inherent trade options for a front office that should like where it is
while always keeping an eye on different ways to improve around Edwards. —
_Michael Pina_

Jabari Smith Jr.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JabariSmith-
new-1749580090610-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusExtended

SalaryFive years, $122 million

RolePotential to the moon

Age22, 2 Seasons

pts12.256.2 TS%

3P%35.44.9 3PA/G

reb712.4 REB%

blk0.72.1 BLK%

Jabari Smith Jr.

The Report

The Rockets kept Jabari out of the KD trade. Now they’re keeping him in
Houston for the long term.

The top headline of the Houston Rockets’ summer is still Kevin Durant, but
Sunday night’s Smith deal is at least worthy of the front page. Smith was
reportedly one of the sticking points in negotiations between the Rockets and
Suns over KD; that Houston not only held on to him but also signed him to a
five-year, $122 million extension proves Smith's value to what the Rockets are
building. Of all their young players, Smith is perhaps the most malleable. He
doesn't have the upside of Alperen Sengun, Amen Thompson, or even Reed
Sheppard, but his fit is far more straightforward. He is long and athletic and
possesses the kind of 3-and-D skill set that can plug the gaps between
Houston's unusual talents. Critics will quibble with Smith's lack of off-the-
bounce game or the fact that his defensive metrics haven't caught up to his
tools on that end. But at just 22 years old, Smith could still blossom into a
new-age big man who can shoot and guard all five positions. He has much to
learn from KD about how to get to his spots and leverage his length against
smaller defenders. Of course, there's also a decent chance that he’ll top out
as a blunt 3-and-D instrument—but for just $24.4 million per season, even that
would be useful for the Rockets. — _Isaac Levy-Rubinett_

Lonzo Ball

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/LonzoBall-1751224337212-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusTraded

Salary$10 million

RoleCleveland Caruso

Age27, 6 Seasons

pts7.652.4 TS%

ast3.31.2 TOV/G

3P%34.45.6 3PA/G

stl1.30.5 BLK/G

Lonzo Ball

The Report

One year after the Caruso-to-OKC trade, Cleveland takes a gamble on Chicago’s
other oft-injured difference-maker.

If I worked as a general manager in the NBA, calling the Chicago Bulls to kick
the tires on a hypothetical trade that would immediately make me look like a
genius would be an essential part of my daily routine. On Saturday afternoon,
the Cleveland Cavaliers did just that, agreeing to send Isaac Okoro to Chicago
for Lonzo Ball. That’s … it. This has the potential to be a huge win for the
Cavaliers. Cleveland is deep in the second apron and facing a luxury tax
_bill_ next season that will easily clear $140 million. Okoro costs $1 million
more than Ball in 2025-26 and is guaranteed $11.8 million in 2027 (when Ball’s
contract has a team option for $10 million). Financially, that’s a big deal.

Then you consider what this does to the Cavs’ actual basketball team and it’s
a home run. Ball is a brilliant player who can shoot, pass, defend, and
process the game at a quicker speed than approximately 99 percent of the
league. The fit here as someone who likely replaces Ty Jerome off the bench is
incredible. Ball is additive beside just about any type of player, and will
help accentuate Evan Mobley, Donovan Mitchell, Darius Garland, and Jarrett
Allen in whatever lineup combination Kenny Atkinson cooks up. The obvious risk
here is Ball’s availability. He appeared in only 35 games last year after
multiple knee surgeries (including a meniscus transplant) sidelined him for
all of the 2022-23 and 2023-24 seasons. But when Ball was on the court, almost
regardless of who else was with him, Chicago outscored its opponent. Despite
submitting the lowest true shooting percentage of his career, [Ball led the
Bulls in estimated plus-minus](https://dunksandthrees.com/teams/1610612741).
Surrounded by more talent than he’s ever had in his life, Ball won’t have to
play a ton of minutes or hold a major role during the regular season. In the
playoffs, though—again, if he’s able to stay healthy—his impact will be felt.

Okoro is three years younger than Ball and a dependable on-ball defender who
did a fine job knocking down the wide open spot-up 3s opponents gave him last
year. But he doesn’t space the floor or make plays for anybody else; there’s
little chance he’ll ever sniff the former no. 2 overall pick’s two-way impact.
Zooming out, it’s remarkable to see the Bulls turn Alex Caruso and Ball—when
healthy, two of the smartest, most adaptable, inspiring, and complementary
role players in the league—into Josh Giddey and Okoro. It’s a return that
includes zero draft picks and a pair of flawed former lottery picks who were
deemed unplayable in the playoffs by two championship contenders. How does
Chicago keep misreading the market value of its own players?

The East may never again be as depleted as it will be next season, yet the
Bulls are still a punch line. This trade is a reminder that pretty much
everyone in this organization who has an influential say about their personnel
decisions is apparently satisfied with mediocrity and irrelevance. The
“rudderless” label that’s dogged Chicago for several years has basically
expired. If that sounds like a compliment, it’s not. This franchise’s
direction, instead, feels intentionally aimed at the edge of a whirlpool. —
_Michael Pina_

Naz Reid

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/NazReid-1728926934825-small.png)

Turn on Twitter Notifications

StatusRe-Signed

SalaryFive years, $125 million

RoleSixth Man Wonder of the World

Age25, 5 Seasons

pts14.257.7 TS%

3P%37.95.8 3PA/G

reb612.1 REB%

blk0.93 BLK%

Top 100 Rankings[77th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/naz-reid)

Naz Reid

The Report

Naz Reid gets a bag. Are the Wolves running it back?

The NBA’s reigning Sixth Man of the Year is now getting starter money. After
declining a $15 million option for next season, Naz Reid signed a five-year,
$125 million deal with the Minnesota Timberwolves on Friday. The agreement
takes one of the NBA’s most intriguing free agents off the market (before it
even opens) and gives Minnesota a chance to run it back with a core that has
made the Western Conference finals in back-to-back seasons. Now the Wolves
must wait and see if Julius Randle opts in on his player option (the deadline
is Sunday) for next season before deciding if they can afford to keep Nickeil
Alexander-Walker.

There’s nothing sexy about running it back with a team that didn’t win the
title, but the Wolves have been one of the NBA’s toughest outs for two years
and they have reason to believe they represent the Oklahoma City Thunder’s
toughest competition. Add in an ownership change this summer and doing
anything drastic feels even borderline unnecessary. Look at the two teams that
just made the Finals: continuity is everything in today’s NBA.

Reid had a career year last season and averaged nearly 20-10 in 17 games as a
starter. There’s reason to believe he could thrive in a bigger role, but
there’s also proof he has an elite baseline in this configuration. Figuring
out the Reid-Randle platoon is a little messy, but not as messy as trying to
replace one of them while dealing with the tax. Anthony Edwards will enter
next season [as a borderline top-five
player,](https://nbarankings.theringer.com/) Rudy Gobert will anchor an elite
defense again, and Minnesota will hope a year of internal improvement and a
few marginal upgrades will lead it to the Finals. It might not be splashy, but
with Tim Connelly and Chris Finch at the controls, it will probably be
effective. _—Matt Dollinger_

Fred VanVleet

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/FredVanVleet-1728923925148-small.png)

It's Not Nothing

StatusSigned

SalaryTwo years, $50 million

RoleLow-maintenance point guard

Age31, 8 Seasons

pts14.151.5 TS%

ast5.61.5 TOV/G

stl1.62.2 STL%

3P%34.57.7 3PA/G

Top 100 Rankings[64th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/fred-vanvleet)

Fred VanVleet

The Report

Fred VanVleet isn't going anywhere.

In a predictable bit of business that made sense for everyone involved, the
Houston Rockets declined Fred VanVleet’s $44.9 million team option for 2025-26
and instead gave him a two-year, $50 million contract that includes a player
option in 2026-27. It’s a move we’ve seen throughout the league, and is
similar to what the Minnesota Timberwolves did with Rudy Gobert at the
beginning of last season. For a valuable veteran and an organization that’s
built to contend for championships, it’s a win-win.

VanVleet has been a lynchpin for the Rockets since they seemingly overpaid on
a massive deal that pulled him away from the Toronto Raptors in 2023. Both
culturally and schematically, he was essential in getting Houston to function
how Ime Udoka wants them to play: tough, smart, and together. At a more
manageable price tag, the Rockets can keep VanVleet in the mix while staying
under the first apron and potentially even ducking the luxury tax—pending how
they fill out the rest of their roster.

After the Kevin Durant trade, there was no way Houston could afford to lose
VanVleet, and no realistic chance for VanVleet to cash out in a cap-stricken
marketplace at 31 years old as an undersized point guard who made 37.8 percent
of his shots last season. Both sides found common ground, helped each other
out, and can now put all their energy towards competing for the championship
they just might be good enough to win. — _Michael Pina_

Kyrie Irving

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KyrieIrving-1728927928732-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusExtended

Salary$36.7 million

RoleAir purifier

Age33, 13 Seasons

pts24.759.4 TS%

3P%40.17.2 3PA/G

ast4.62.2 TOV/G

stl1.31.8 STL%

Top 100 Rankings[44th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/kyrie-irving)

Kyrie Irving

The Report

Kyrie’s in Dallas for the long(ish) haul. The Mavs’ three-year window starts
now.

The Mavericks will take home the NBA draft’s crown jewel in Cooper Flagg
tonight, setting Dallas up with its future face of the franchise. But the
concepts of a short-term plan are also in place after the team’s activity over
the past few days. Irving and the Mavericks agreed to a three-year, $119
million extension on Tuesday, one day after Dallas worked out a three-year,
$54 million extension for center Daniel Gafford. Irving’s extension signals a
two-way commitment between the player and a front office that was rather
publicly excoriated for its very recent commitment issues.

Irving’s going rate, no doubt influenced by his recovery from a torn ACL
suffered in early March, grants the Mavs a level of flexibility. Dallas will
now have access to the taxpayer’s midlevel exception, allowing it to spackle a
small hole in the roster. Of course, the most obvious need at the moment is a
placeholder point guard as Irving targets an early 2026 return—D’Angelo
Russell and Malcolm Brogdon are two possible targets.

The 2025-26 season, then, becomes something of a write-off: The Mavs will
remain as competitive as possible, test Flagg’s pressure points, and do their
best to keep Anthony Davis upright. The team is clearly setting itself on the
dreaded _better-in-theory-than-in-practice_ “two timelines” track, with just
about everything hinging on 2026-27—when Kyrie will theoretically be back to
full health at 34, Flagg will presumably be coming off a convincing Rookie of
the Year campaign, and Davis, at 33, will be recycling Kyrie’s 2024-25 arc,
potentially playing for his own long-term extension.

As it’s presently constructed, does the Mavericks’ roster make much sense as a
mid-tier striver out West? It might take some squinting. The team, true to
Nico Harrison’s mantra, has plenty of anchors on defense, but the whole won’t
add up until it finds its interim lead guard. In that sense, there is a Luka-
shaped void that exists on the team, which is still largely built around his
strengths. But it’s about to be handed a franchise-altering talent in
Flagg—that ought to be more than enough for now. Still, the clock is ticking,
and it seems like the Mavs will need a whole lot of variables to align just
right in the next two years for Harrison’s ultimate gambit to pay off. —
_Danny Chau_  

Mark Williams

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/MarkWilliams-1738856403628-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusTraded

Salary$6.3 million

RoleTrade machine retread

Age23, 2 Seasons

blk1.24.5 BLK%

ast2.51.6 TOV/G

stl0.71.3 STL%

pts15.364.7 TS%

Mark Williams

The Report

The Suns needed a big, but the Williams Trade 2.0 creates more problems than
it solves.

I don’t want to come off sounding too hyperbolic about a draft-night trade by
a team that isn’t finished making moves, but the Phoenix Suns are officially
the most embarrassing franchise in the NBA. Around the same time they selected
Duke center Khaman Maluach with the 10th pick in Wednesday’s draft, it was
reported by ESPN’s Shams Charania that Phoenix had also just traded two first-
round picks to the Charlotte Hornets for 23-year-old big man Mark Williams.
Phoenix already has a couple of centers on its roster. Nick Richards (another
former Hornets center) is 27 years old and on an expiring $5 million contract;
Oso Ighodaro, whom Phoenix acquired in a draft-night trade one year ago, spent
his rookie season in and out of Mike Budenholzer’s rotation.

Yes, the Suns [couldn’t protect the
rim](https://cleaningtheglass.com/stats/team/24/team#tab-
shooting_defense_accuracy) or create second-chance opportunities on the
offensive glass last year—two areas that have to improve if they plan on
playing any two of Jalen Green, Bradley Beal, and Devin Booker at the same
time. But this was such a negligent way to address the issue. Trading two
first-round picks for Williams and then drafting someone who, in all
likelihood, won’t be able to share the floor with him is the opposite of
savvy. The situation gets even worse when you realize that the 2029 first-
round pick they’re shipping to Charlotte [is the _only_ tradable first-round
pick Phoenix had to
offer](https://x.com/BobbyMarks42/status/1938044970117509420). The moment they
gained a little flexibility, the Suns squandered it, all for a center whose
medical history was so questionable that the Los Angeles Lakers failed his
physical exam and rescinded a deal they made with the Hornets before
February’s trade deadline.

Even if Phoenix envisions a world where Maluach and Williams are someday able
to share the floor and follow the growing trend of dynamic, towering tandems
sprouting up around the league, there will be serious growing pains on both
ends. On offense, neither can shoot. On defense, both are more valuable around
the paint. It’s fundamentally such a poor allocation of resources and a highly
questionable way to build a team that’s nowhere close to being relevant. If
you know any Suns fans, be kind to them. — _Michael Pina_

Kristaps Porzingis

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KristapsPorzingis-1728928348233-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusTraded

Salary$30.7 million

RoleDown With the Sickness

Age29, 9 Seasons

pts19.561.8 TS%

reb6.812.8 REB%

blk1.54.8 BLK%

3P%41.26 3PA/G

Top 100 Rankings[70th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/kristaps-porzingis)

Kristaps Porzingis

The Report

The Celtics’ second-apron sacrifice is the Hawks’ buy-low flier.

Considering Porzingis’s unconscionably bad postseason due to a mysterious
“post-viral syndrome” that seemed to have sapped his lifeforce and the urgent
reality of second-apron penalties, it was clear as day that the sharpshooting
titan’s days in Boston were numbered. Sure enough, less than 24 hours after
dealing Jrue Holiday, the Celtics have achieved their most pressing offseason
goal of getting under the second apron. On Tuesday night, the Celtics, Atlanta
Hawks, and Brooklyn Nets agreed to a three-way trade that sends Porzingis and
a future second-rounder to Atlanta, Terance Mann and the no. 22 pick in this
year’s draft to Brooklyn, and Georges Niang and a future second-rounder to
Boston.

The Hawks are making a low-risk, high-reward bet on Porzingis, who recently
posted an update on his health, claiming to be “feeling excellent all
offseason.” We’re just one year removed from [Game 1 of the 2024 NBA
Finals](https://www.theringer.com/2024/06/06/nba/kristaps-porzingis-boston-
celtics-game-1-dallas-mavericks-luka-doncic), in which Porzingis had one of
the most dominant single-quarter performances in Finals history. The question
has never been about talent with him, but rather health—his undisclosed
illness a new wrinkle in a career that has been besieged by various injuries.
Kristaps will be entering his age-30 season; he hasn’t played more than 65
games in a campaign since he was 21. Porzingis is a new kind of big man for
Trae Young: a massive rim protector on defense and a midrange automaton who’s
also shot 38.9 percent from 3 over the past three seasons. If—and this is a
72-point, bolded, italicized, and underlined _if_ —he can stay healthy, the
outlines of the Pacers’ postseason formula might be the vision for next year’s
Hawks. And with a rather large $25.2 million trade exception courtesy of last
summer’s Dejounte Murray trade, they almost certainly aren’t done retooling.

For Boston, getting below the second apron opens up new avenues for any future
transactions, now that the team will be able to aggregate salaries. Niang is a
throw-in, yes, but he’s a useful, if limited, reserve who is a career 40
percent 3-point shooter. They called him “The Minivan” in Utah and “G-Wagon”
in Cleveland—time will tell what he’ll be known as in Boston. (“The Impreza”?)
Outside of Porzingis, perhaps the biggest object of intrigue is the no. 22
pick headed to Brooklyn. The Nets now have possession of _five_ first-rounders
(nos. 8, 19, 22, 26, and 27) in the draft. They have hella ingredients for a
stew, but what the hell are they cooking? — _Danny Chau_

Jordan Poole

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/PooleWizards01-1702522152850-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusTraded

Salary$31.8 million

RoleRiverboat gambler

Age25, 5 Seasons

pts20.559.1 TS%

ast4.53 TOV/G

3P%37.89.1 3PA/G

stl1.32 STL%

Top 100 Rankings[99th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/jordan-poole)

Jordan Poole

The Report

The Pelicans take the plunge for Poole.

Let the Joe Dumars era commence! The New Orleans Pelicans have traded CJ
McCollum, Kelly Olynyk, and a future second-round pick to the Washington
Wizards for Jordan Poole, Saddiq Bey, and the 40th pick in this week’s draft.
For the Wizards, this is a bit of a steal. Even though, statistically
speaking, Poole is coming off a bounce-back season in one of the least
competitive and relevant situations in the league—he averaged 20.5 points per
game with a (slightly) above-average true shooting percentage—it’s a minor
miracle Washington found someone to take the $65 million that is left on his
contract over the next two seasons. The real pain will come in 2026-27, when
Poole and Bey are guaranteed over $40 million combined. By ejecting itself
from the Poole business, Washington can free up shots, touches, and minutes
for members of its young core who are more worth investing in—including two
more first-rounders they're about to draft this week. They will also have
[over $90 million](https://www.capsheets.com/washington-wizards-cap-sheet/) in
cap space.

Trying to make sense of the financial cost for New Orleans is quite a
challenge, but there are some understandable elements of the deal worth
mentioning. Poole and Bey are only 26 years old; McCollum is 33, and Olynyk is
34. If Zion Williamson is still the center of New Orleans’s universe, it makes
sense to get younger. There’s also a good chance Dumars felt like New Orleans
needed more juice in the backcourt, with Dejounte Murray still recovering from
a torn Achilles. Poole can theoretically stand in as the Pelicans’ second-most
potent outside threat (behind Trey Murphy III) and space the floor for
Williamson. Bey, who missed all of last season with a torn ACL, is also a
pretty good 3-and-D role player, assuming he’s healthy enough to jump back
into the mix. But the top-line takeaway for a Pelicans team that’s currently
in flux: Taking on Poole’s contract is a risk on the court and the cap sheet.
— _Michael Pina_

Jrue Holiday

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JrueHoliday-1728999658882-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusTraded

Salary$32.4 million

RoleBack for the first time

Age35, 15 Seasons

pts11.156.5 TS%

ast3.91.2 TOV/G

3P%35.34.9 3PA/G

stl1.11.7 STL%

Top 100 Rankings[69th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/jrue-holiday)

Jrue Holiday

The Report

The Trail Blazers get serious by trading for Holiday … again.

The Blazers weren’t ready for Holiday when they acquired him two summers ago
as part of the Damian Lillard blockbuster, but now they’re closer than you
think. Portland was quietly one of the most intriguing teams of the season’s
second half, going 18-10 after a 13-28 start, spurred in large part by a
scrappy defense. Add Holiday, a six-time All-Defensive selection, to the
hounding wing combination of Toumani Camara (second team All-Defensive this
year) and Deni Avdija, with Donovan Clingan, a rim protector the size of Mt.
Hood, on the back line to clean things up, and the Blazers could be on the
verge of something similar to the Rockets’ defense-and-depth blueprint—at
least, the 2023-24 version that finished just shy of the play-in. Portland’s
offense was anemic at times last season, and swapping Anfernee Simons, whose
Lillard-like ability to catch fire at a moment’s notice often dug the Blazers
out of the mud, for Holiday, an inconsistent scorer even in the best of times
who is coming off a dreadful shooting season, could leave them mired in the
bottom third of the league. But Holiday, even as he enters his age-35 season,
fits the identity that re-energized this rebuild, and can pair with either
Shaedon Sharpe or Scoot Henderson without stepping on their development.

These new-look Blazers will be a far cry from the Dame era, whose electric
backcourt offense was belied by a chronically disappointing defense. Dealing
Simons, the last vestige of the [Neil Olshey
regime](https://x.com/highkin/status/1937366450122990021), along with two
second-round picks, certainly punctuates the changing of the guard. Simons is
a thrilling scorer, but he regularly rates as one of the league’s worst
defenders. That makes him an odd fit in Boston, whose own 3-and-D-driven
system led them to trade for Jrue to bolster their championship run, but he at
least gets to showcase his world-class shooting in an offense that can
generate him clean looks, while the Celtics count the sweet, sweet savings on
their gargantuan payroll: Simons is on a $27.7 million expiring contract,
while Holiday is owed $104.4 million over the next three years. With Jayson
Tatum likely out for a year, next season is all about cutting costs and
bridging to the future. The Blazers, meanwhile, just sent a pretty loud
declaration of intent that they’re ready to be better now. — _Justin Verrier_

Kevin Durant

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KevinDurant-1728928916230-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusTraded

Salary$54.7 million

RoleIn his words, "Dramatic"

Age36, 17 Seasons

pts26.664.2 TS%

ast4.23.1 TOV/G

reb69.2 REB%

blk1.23.2 BLK%

Top 100 Rankings[14th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/kevin-durant)

Kevin Durant

The Report

The KD trade is a home run for both Durant and the Rockets. It’s a long walk
back to the dugout for the Suns.

The Kevin Durant 2025 summer blockbuster has been inevitable ever since
Phoenix tried and failed to deal him at February's trade deadline—if not since
February 2023, when the Suns emptied the coffers and dug every last first-
round pick out of the couch cushions to acquire him. On the final morning of
the NBA season, it finally happened. Durant is headed to the Houston Rockets
in exchange for Jalen Green, Dillon Brooks, the no. 10 pick in the upcoming
NBA draft, and five second-round picks
([a.k.a](https://www.nba.com/news/bucks-nets-pacers-jae-crowder-trade). one
Jae Crowder). It’s a home run trade for the Rockets, who addressed their
biggest weakness, maintained their team identity, and held on to their most
precious future assets. For Phoenix, it’s an underwhelming turn of the page
from an era that never really achieved liftoff. And for Durant, it’s a late-
career lifeline and an opportunity to add more meaningful basketball—and one
more juicy contract extension—to a confounding career.

One of the central stars of the player empowerment era, Durant has once again
orchestrated his way to a desired location—but this might be his wisest move
yet. He and the Rockets seem like a perfect basketball marriage. In San
Antonio, KD would have been a luxury; in Houston, he’s essential. In Miami, he
would have been first on the call sheet for a production going nowhere; in
Houston, he slots into a starring role for a team with a clear road map toward
building on a second-place finish in the West. The Rockets need exactly what
KD provides: knock-down shooting, easy half-court offense, and crunch-time
buckets. And Durant needs what the Rockets have: hard-nosed defenders,
culture-setting leaders, and an established system. That Houston was able to
acquire him without losing Jabari Smith Jr., Tari Eason, Reed Sheppard, or
even the 2027 Phoenix first is a massive win for both the Rockets _and_
Durant, who now finds himself in his best situation since the halcyon games
([all 16 of them](https://x.com/CBSSports/status/1491839426003152900?lang=en))
with Kyrie Irving and James Harden in Brooklyn.

Of course, this deal isn’t a win for _everyone_. Phoenix gave up the farm for
Durant in 2023 and then traded him away for relative peanuts. His market
clearly took a hit during those intervening years, but even so, this return
doesn’t inspire much hope for what remains of the Devin Booker era in the
desert. Brooks will help restore a sense of “giving a shit.” That matters. The
upcoming lottery pick offers the promise of cost-controlled upside. But
Green—the polarizing prize of the deal, whom Phoenix is already
[spinning](https://x.com/i/timeline) as “a prolific young scorer”—seems like
such a poor fit with Booker that I’d expect him to be rerouted to another team
before the 2025-26 season begins. With Kevin Durant, Phoenix went nowhere
fast. Without him, they’re going somewhere, but it’s unclear where and even
less clear when they might get there. — _Isaac Levy-Rubinett_

Jonathan Kuminga

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JonathanKuminga-1729000092903-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusRestricted Free Agent

RoleSquare peg

Age22, 3 Seasons

pts15.353.5 TS%

3P%30.53.2 3PA/G

reb4.610.2 REB%

ast2.21.5 TOV/G

Jonathan Kuminga

Essential Question

Is Kuminga worth more to the Warriors or to someone else?

If you needed a symbolic picture of the schism defining Jonathan Kuminga’s
time in the Bay Area, look no further than the minutes just before the Golden
State Valkyries’ season opener in May. As the players finished their warm-ups,
Kuminga stood next to the Warriors’ (and Valkyries’) executive chairman, Joe
Lacob, near the west tunnel while coach Steve Kerr took in the action on the
other side of the baseline. It was a fitting peek into Kuminga’s basketball
life over the past four years. Is it a harbinger for the upcoming NBA
offseason, when Kuminga will be a restricted free agent?

Since Golden State drafted him in 2021, Kuminga has had an up-and-down career.
He has won Lacob over with his athletic ability and big-play potential, but
he’s struggled to earn the trust of Golden State’s coaching staff, who have
both publicly and privately complained about his fit within the offense. Over
the past few seasons, including at critical moments leading up to and during
the 2025 playoffs, Kerr has opted to bench Kuminga. In the wake of the
Warriors’ trade for Jimmy Butler last February, Kerr said that Kuminga was an
ill fit alongside the incoming All-Star, leading to speculation that he could
be part of a sign-and-trade this offseason.

Those rumblings have cooled lately, as team sources have suggested that the
Warriors will attempt to sign Kuminga to a new deal with the expectation that
he’ll be on the opening day roster this fall. That approach doesn’t mean that
he won’t be traded eventually but that the Warriors haven’t identified a
player they’d want to swap for him just yet—or a suitor that’s willing to
break the bank for the young star. Despite uneven postseason playing time,
Kuminga thrived in the conference semifinals after Steph Curry injured his
hamstring, averaging 20 points while shooting 54 percent from the field in the
series, which the Warriors lost in five games. His performance simultaneously
confirmed his talent and his critics’ belief that his success doesn’t
translate to winning basketball, especially in a Curry–led offense.

Kuminga’s relationship with Lacob provides yet another roadblock in the way of
shipping him out of town. Team officials believe that Lacob is afraid of not
having a star to fill the seats of Chase Center after Curry’s eventual
retirement, inclining him to keep any marketable player on the roster for as
long as possible. But the question of whether Kuminga fits that bill remains.
— _Logan Murdock_

Desmond Bane

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DesmondBane-1728927301222-small.png)

*Muffled Scream*

StatusTraded

Salary$36.7 million

RoleMagic bullet

Age26, 4 Seasons

pts19.260 TS%

3P%39.26.1 3PA/G

ast5.32.4 TOV/G

stl1.21.7 STL%

Top 100 Rankings[47th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/desmond-bane)

Desmond Bane

The Report

The Magic push their chips in for Desmond Bane.

If these NBA Finals—which, it’s worth noting amid unrelenting offseason creep,
are still going on!—have taught us anything, it’s the power of the perfect
trade. Both the Thunder and Pacers play clearly defined styles, and both
raised their respective ceilings with the precisely targeted acquisitions of
Alex Caruso and Pascal Siakam, respectively. Looking around at the barren
wasteland that is the Eastern Conference, the Orlando Magic are now attempting
to follow in their footsteps. On Sunday morning, [they reportedly
agreed](https://www.nba.com/news/magic-grizzlies-trade-bane-caldwell-pope) to
send Kentavious Caldwell-Pope, Cole Anthony, four unprotected first-round
picks, and a future first-round pick swap to the Memphis Grizzlies in exchange
for Desmond Bane.

For the Magic, this is a massive bet on Bane, who will turn 27 later this
month and [clocks in at
47th](https://nbarankings.theringer.com/rankings/desmond-bane) in _The Ringe_
r’s latest Top 100 player rankings. His high motor, stout defense, and brutish
physicality will fit perfectly with [Orlando’s
ethos](https://www.theringer.com/2025/03/04/nba/orlando-magic-paolo-banchero-
franz-wagner)—and offensively, he might be exactly what the Magic need to
construct an above-average offense for the first time since 2012. Top-level,
Bane addresses his new team’s biggest weakness: He’s a career 41 percent
shooter from deep, and is [one of just nine
players](https://stathead.com/basketball/player-season-
finder.cgi?request=1&match=player_season_combined&order_by=fg3_pct&year_min=2023&year_max=2025&ccomp%5B1%5D=gt&cval%5B1%5D=7&cstat%5B1%5D=fg3a_per_g&ccomp%5B2%5D=gt&cval%5B2%5D=100&cstat%5B2%5D=fg3a&ccomp%5B3%5D=gt&cval%5B3%5D=39&cstat%5B3%5D=fg3_pct)
who have shot 39 percent or better on at least seven 3s per game over the past
three seasons. Perhaps just as important as the lights-out shooting, Bane’s
constant movement could unlock new layers in the Magic offense. He sprints
around screens, relentlessly attacks closeouts, and leverages the threat of
his shot to open up seams in the defense. The price tag might be a little hard
to stomach for a second or third option, but Jeff Weltman and the Orlando
Magic front office clearly see untapped potential in Bane—and more to the
point, see Bane as the type of player whose skill set will help them squeeze
every bit of juice from Paolo Banchero, Franz Wagner, and Jalen Suggs.

On the other side of the deal, this marks the end of an era. In many ways,
Bane was the beating heart of the Grizzlies. Amid significant organizational
turmoil and extended absences for Ja Morant, he improved every season and
gamely took on everything Memphis asked of him. It’s never easy to move on
from such a stalwart, but at least Orlando made it worth Memphis’s while. In
Sunday’s deal, the Grizzlies got a new backup point guard, a Bane replacement
who is a strong candidate for a bounce-back season, and a handful of valuable
draft assets—including, notably, a juicy 2026 first-rounder from Phoenix. Now,
the question turns to the follow-up. Will the Grizzlies try to parlay those
picks into a reimagined team around Morant and Jaren Jackson Jr.? (Does Kevin
Durant like Memphis barbecue?) Or was Bane just the first domino in a larger
deceleration that could see Ja and JJJ hit the trade market as well? Either
way, this fascinating trade sets the tone—and the bidding—for a consequential
offseason that, apparently, is already here. — _Isaac Levy-Rubinett_

Ja Morant

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JaMorant-1728929090318-small.png)

It's Not Nothing

StatusTrade Target

Salary$39.4 million

RoleSkywalker

Age25, 5 Seasons

pts23.256.3 TS%

ast7.33.7 TOV/G

reb4.17.1 REB%

stl1.21.9 STL%

Top 100 Rankings[34th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/ja-morant)

Ja Morant

Essential Question

How much can the Grizzlies really depend on Ja?

Ja is one of the most electric and watchable players in the league, but
there’s _always something_ with him. Frequent injuries. Extended suspensions.
Add it all up, and Morant has played less than half of the Grizzlies’ games
over the past three seasons. That’s destabilizing for any team. The value of
superstars comes from the way their next-level play allows an organization to
build around them. The roster, the identity, the style of play—those things
make sense only through the lens of a superstar. When a franchise player like
Ja is constantly in and out of the lineup, it makes it almost impossible for
everyone else around him to do their jobs effectively.

If the Grizzlies could feel confident that Morant would be available to play
on a regular basis, that would be one thing. If they could trust him to make
good, professional decisions, that would be another. Hell: If Memphis could at
least have some confidence that Ja’s leap-before-he-looks style would lead to
playoff success, maybe _that_ would be enough. But the fact that all three are
huge variables necessitates some soul-searching. The Grizzlies have been a Ja
Morant team for six seasons. During that time, they have won exactly one
playoff series. If Memphis officials aren’t asking the tough questions about
the future of the team’s superstar (and by extension the entire franchise),
they aren’t paying attention. — _Rob Mahoney_

Jaylen Brown

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JaylenBrown-1728927397366-small.png)

Reckless Speculation

StatusTrade Candidate

Salary$53.1 million

RoleUp for tenure

Age28, 8 Seasons

pts22.255.5 TS%

reb5.89.3 REB%

3P%32.45.7 3PA/G

stl1.21.7 STL%

Top 100 Rankings[21st ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/jaylen-brown)

Jaylen Brown

Essential Question

How drastic are the Celtics willing to get?

Jayson Tatum’s ruptured Achilles placed just about everything on the table for
the Boston Celtics. The 2024 NBA champions are on track to pay the highest
luxury tax bill in NBA history next season and are unreasonably deep into the
second apron. It behooves them to cut salary.

That does not mean that trading Jaylen Brown is Plan A. He doesn’t turn 29
until October and is technically still the reigning Finals MVP for at least
another week. But there are a few reasons Boston shouldn’t treat moving on as
an impossibility. The first is Brown’s contract. He’s owed $236 million over
the next four years, and shedding that much long-term money would go a long
way toward easing Boston’s financial pain when Tatum returns from injury.

The second reason is how much Boston could get in return. Brown is an imposing
two-way forward with big-game experience who makes impossible shots look easy
and defends multiple positions. Any organization looking to take the next step
would be happy to have him on its roster, under contract through the rest of
his prime. The next question is which teams would give up the goods. Just to
throw out one hypothetical: What if the Utah Jazz—former longtime Celtics
executive Austin Ainge was recently named their new president of basketball
operations—wanted to accelerate their rebuild by offering John Collins, Collin
Sexton, and five future first-round picks? (Politically, that type of return
is untenable. Logistically, both sides might see it as the start of a real
negotiation.)

The third reason is, well, Jaylen Brown. He is awesome, yes. But for an
organization that has championship aspirations like the Celtics do, it will be
an incredible challenge to build another near-flawless roster with him as
their second-highest-paid player, taking over 30 percent of the cap in a
post–Kristaps Porzingis, post–Jrue Holiday, post–Al Horford iteration. He’s a
tremendous exclamation point who’s made strides in the playmaking department,
but inconsistency is baked into the product here. His Game 5 performance
against the Knicks was one of the finest all-around games he’s ever played. It
was followed up by a seven-turnover dud in which he fouled out after 32
minutes. [According to CraftedNBA](https://craftednba.com/player-
traits/consistency), last season Brown was more likely to have a game
classified as “fair” or “poor” than “great.” He also didn’t make an All-NBA
team.

The odds are against the Celtics moving on from someone who’s meant so much
and still has years of productive basketball left to offer. But if another
organization is willing to pay 125 cents on the dollar, Boston will listen. —
_Michael Pina_

Austin Reaves

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AustinReaves-1728926751713-small.png)

Whole Lotta Smoke

StatusExtension Candidate

Salary$13.9 million

RoleThird banana

Age27, 3 Seasons

pts20.261.6 TS%

3P%37.77.3 3PA/G

ast5.82.4 TOV/G

stl1.11.6 STL%

Top 100 Rankings[54th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/austin-reaves)

Austin Reaves

Essential Question

What kind of team do the Lakers want to build around Luka?

It’s telling that Lakers general manager Rob Pelinka finished just sixth in
Executive of the Year voting after a season in which he pulled off arguably
the greatest heist in NBA history. Pelinka played his cards perfectly in
negotiations with Nico Harrison, but, for all intents and purposes, Luka
Doncic just fell into the Lakers’ laps. Now the real work begins.

Post–trade deadline, the liminal Lakers tapped into more juice than most
people expected—the offensive brilliance of Luka, LeBron, and Reaves plus a
defensive blueprint that leveraged positional size and switchability turned
L.A. into a dark-horse title contender—but a five-game trouncing in the first
round of the playoffs underscored the fact that this roster wasn’t built with
Doncic in mind. The lack of a playable center, combined with Doncic’s
defensive shortcomings, kneecapped them. It’s obvious _what_ the Lakers need
but less clear how to acquire it.

That’s where Reaves comes in. The greatest developmental success story of the
LeBron-era Lakers, Reaves has made himself into a bona fide third option: He
averaged a career-high 20.2 points, 4.5 rebounds, and 5.8 assists per game
last season and carried the offense on nights when LeBron and Luka couldn’t.
Much like Kyrie Irving’s contributions in Dallas, Reaves’s passing and
creativity have an amplifying effect when paired with Doncic (and even more so
when those two play with James). But the Lakers desperately need a big man,
and Doncic desperately wants someone who can pressure the rim in the pick-and-
roll. That was the reasoning behind L.A.’s trade for Mark Williams at the
deadline, even if it ultimately rescinded that deal. If the Lakers are willing
to package Reaves in a deal for a center, though, it would be like going from
shopping at Vons to shopping at Whole Foods. L.A., which is currently being
linked to centers like Brook Lopez and Nic Claxton, could butt into
conversations for higher-level targets like Walker Kessler, Jarrett Allen, or
even Doncic’s former teammate Dereck Lively II.

Most likely, the Lakers will keep Reaves, acquire a center using their 2031
first-rounder, and try to patch up their defense on the margins. But Reaves
can become a free agent after next season, and even though he’s extension
eligible this summer, he’s worth far more than the Lakers are allowed to offer
him. If Pelinka has any reservations about signing Reaves to be Luka’s long-
term costar, it would behoove him to make some calls. — _Isaac Levy-Rubinett_

Mikal Bridges

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/MikalBridges-
new-1732046804386-small.png)

Whole Lotta Smoke

StatusExtension Candidate

Salary$24.9 million

RoleIron man

Age28, 6 Seasons

pts17.658.5 TS%

3P%35.45.6 3PA/G

stl0.91.2 STL%

blk0.51.3 BLK%

Top 100 Rankings[60th ![Arrow pointing top right](/images/icons/arrow-top-
right.svg)](/rankings/mikal-bridges)

Mikal Bridges

Essential Question

Do the Knicks need Bridges or just better depth?

Several questions loom around Bridges after his first season with the New York
Knicks. The first is whether they’ll offer him [the four-year, $156.1 million
extension he’s eligible for](https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/44588112/nba-
offseason-2025-draft-free-agency-trade-targets-30-teams). This should be a no-
brainer. At 28 years old, Bridges is an ideal complementary piece who’s
literally never missed an NBA game. The Knicks will enter next year with a new
coach and their sights set on a championship, and keeping the core that just
went to the Eastern Conference finals together will be even easier because
of****[the team-friendly deal Jalen Brunson
signed](https://x.com/wojespn/status/1811867780884627697) last year: New York
can lock Bridges down and still avoid the second apron when his extension
kicks in.

But Bridges’s output during his first year in a Knicks jersey was up and down.
Throughout the regular season, he was efficient on offense and effective on
defense, but his usage and free throw rate took a noticeable dip compared with
the previous season, while his true shooting percentage plummeted in the
playoffs. This brings us to question no. 2: Will New York, which desperately
needs depth, look to move Bridges for multiple players who can better maximize
their skill sets next to Brunson and Karl-Anthony Towns?

The return in a potential Bridges deal may not yield five first-round picks,
but it could still supplement New York’s two All-NBA players with rotation-
worthy pieces while restoring its near-empty chest of trade assets. The flip
side of all this is: What if Bridges _wants_ to hit unrestricted free agency
and play in a situation where he could get more shots and touches? That
scenario isn’t likely, but it is possible. Either way, Bridges is certainly
someone to keep an eye on over the next couple of months. — _Michael Pina_

##  The
Top![1](/images/numbers/76ers-1.png)![0](/images/numbers/76ers-0.png)![0](/images/numbers/76ers-0.png)Players  
In the  
NBA

Updated June 4

**Welcome to The Ringer’s Top 100 Players in the NBA** for the 2024-25
season—a year-round, around-the-clock ranking of the players making the
biggest impact on the league right now. Throughout the regular season and into
the offseason, Bill Simmons, Ryen Russillo, Zach Lowe, Danny Chau, Rob
Mahoney, Michael Pina, and Justin Verrier will update this list based on
recent results and new developments. Check back regularly for revised
rankings, fresh analysis, new features, and more.

![Players](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/Top100OpenerRefresh_Getty-
Ringer-1738083182498.jpg)

**Welcome to The Ringer’s Top 100 Players in the NBA** for the 2024-25
season—a year-round, around-the-clock ranking of the players making the
biggest impact on the league right now. Throughout the regular season and into
the offseason, Bill Simmons, Ryen Russillo, Zach Lowe, Danny Chau, Rob
Mahoney, Michael Pina, and Justin Verrier will update this list based on
recent results and new developments. Check back regularly for revised
rankings, fresh analysis, new features, and more.

HOW MUCH DO  
YOU WANT TO KNOW?

![skim emoji](/images/skim.png)

skim

![peruse emoji](/images/peruse.png)

peruse

![deep dive emoji](/images/deep-dive.png)

deep dive

Filter by position

![Pointing right emoji](/images/pointer.png)

allbigsforwardsguards

Filter by team

ATLBOSBKNCHACHICLEDALDENDETGSWHOUINDLACLALMEMMIAMILMINNOPNYKOKCORLPHIPHXPORSACSASTORUTAWAS

[![Spotify
logo](/images/icons/spotify.svg)](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2t5BlHzTyHf2jzvjzo2K6B)

![The Mismatch Cover
Art](https://i.scdn.co/image/ab6765630000ba8a83d41dc58e539912184f6b00)

The Mismatch

The Case for a Pacers Surprise, OKC’s Path to the Finals, and What’s Next for
the Knicks

1:13:00

![Skip back 15 seconds](/images/icons/skip-back.svg)

![Skip forward 15 seconds](/images/icons/skip-forward.svg?t=1234)

01

Full  
Timeline

1/16

01

2/27

01

3/27

01

4/16

01

6/4

01

Nikola Jokic  Denver Nuggets

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/NikolaJokic-1729002012896-small.png)

Big

Height 6'11"

Weight 254 lbs

Age 30

Season 9

pts29.666.3 TS%

reb12.719.1 REB%

ast10.23.3 TOV/G

stl1.82.4 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

3x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

6x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 41 overall, 2014

**An unstoppable combination of size, skill, and IQ** , now playing more and
better than ever before.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PassingVirtuoso.png)Passing Virtuoso

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PostMoves-1729002751433.png)Post Moves

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloatGame.png)Float
Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HorseGuy-1697561803867.png)Horse Guy

Playoff Review

Jokic’s brilliance has become so normalized at this point that averaging
26-13-8 and pushing the top seed in the playoffs to the brink feels like a
typical month at the office. Though he finished short of another MVP, Jokic
confirmed his status as the consensus best player in the world this postseason
by dragging an undermanned Nuggets team weeks removed from firing its head
coach and general manager to a thrilling first-round series victory and a near
upset of OKC in the next round. Alas, it’s hard not to wonder what could have
been if Denver had even one more reliable adult in its rotation; the only
silver lining is that this missed opportunity was so clear to anyone watching
that the organization may finally be willing to give up its grand visions of
building out the supporting cast through the draft and maximize the here and
now. — _Justin Verrier_

Analysis

Jokic is deferential by nature; he would much rather thread a pass from an
impossible angle or faraway distance rather than try his hand at scoring 81
points. So you know things must’ve gotten dire for the Denver center to launch
39 attempts from the field in a December tilt against the lowly Wizards. The
Nuggets’ outlook seemed bleak in the opening stages of the 2024-25 season—and
Jokic wasn’t shy about their
[shortcomings](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7kZRYzjNYs), either. Trades
that would’ve broken up their title-winning core floated through the rumor
mill. But ultimately, any extreme actions proved unnecessary. Instead, Jokic
simply did more.

All the usual across-the-board brilliance from Jokic is there, yet again: the
dark-magic passing, the moonbeam shot angles, the brute strength, the
clairvoyant reads of his own teammates and the opponents. There’s just more of
it—all of it—than ever before: more points, more assists, more rebounds. Most
notably, there are more shot attempts—including from 3. The Nuggets were
lacking in perimeter threats, so Jokic decided to do that, too. He’s already
taken more 3s this season than he did all of last season, and he’s making them
at a clip that’s better than nearly every player in the league. Apparently
even a three-time MVP has space for self-improvement.

Voter fatigue and the Thunder’s historic regular season may keep Jokic from
another MVP, but he hasn’t budged from the no. 1 spot in our rankings in more
than two years. There are plenty of reasons for that, but none better than the
simplest one: He’ll always give you a chance, whether it’s against the
Clippers on a Wednesday night in November or a Team USA superteam with little
more than Bogdan Bogdanovic and a couple of burek vendors by his side. —
_Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

02

Full  
Timeline

1/16

03

2/27

02

3/27

02

4/16

02

6/4

02

Shai Gilgeous-Alexander  Oklahoma City Thunder

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ShaiGilgeousAlexander-1728927692340-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'6"

Weight 195 lbs

Age 26

Season 6

pts32.763.7 TS%

ast6.42.4 TOV/G

stl1.72.4 STL%

blk13 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

2x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 11 overall, 2018

**Generational scorer** who brings it on defense and may win MVP.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-ClutchGene.png)Clutch
Gene

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

Playoff Review

SGA won his first MVP, led the league in scoring, and was the best player on a
68-win team that made the NBA Finals. This was, by just about any measure, one
of the most impressive individual campaigns any guard has ever had. Now, it
raises a simple question: At only 26 years old, how many more seasons can
Gilgeous-Alexander submit at or near this level? Odds are, we haven’t even
seen the best he has to offer—a terrifying predicament for every defense that
already showed there’s no way to slow him down. — _Michael Pina_

Analysis

If SGA doesn’t win MVP, it’s only because the best player in the world
happened to submit the finest season of his career. That’s how great Gilgeous-
Alexander has been. He’s officially the most devastating and unstoppable
scorer in basketball. Staying in front of SGA is like trying to catch a leaf
as it flutters down from the top of a tree. He’s shifty, sudden, and
perpetually one step ahead of everyone and everything. Very few players in NBA
history have made averaging over 30 points per game look so matter-of-fact,
inevitable, and uncomplicated.

The entire court is Shai’s comfort zone. He gets into the paint whenever he
wants, drills stepback 3s, lives at the free throw line, and effortlessly
creates space for himself in the midrange. On top of all that, Gilgeous-
Alexander’s contributions to one of the most disruptive defenses in NBA
history are more noticeable now than they were last season, when he appeared
on several ballots for Defensive Player of the Year. If the Thunder come up
short in this postseason, SGA won’t be the reason why.  — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

03

Full  
Timeline

1/16

02

2/27

03

3/27

03

4/16

03

6/4

03

Giannis Antetokounmpo  Milwaukee Bucks

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/GiannisAntetekounmpo-1728920065023-small.png)

Big

Height 7'0"

Weight 243 lbs

Age 30

Season 11

pts30.462.5 TS%

reb11.919 REB%

ast6.53.1 TOV/G

blk1.23.2 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

2x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

8x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 15 overall, 2013

**The league’s preeminent two-way player** , whose titanic frame and
athleticism paint a modern portrait of physical dominance.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

Playoff Review

For the first time in a long time, Giannis was fully healthy for the
postseason, and it showed: Across five games in the first round, he put up
averages that we’ve never seen in NBA postseason history. The only comparable
streaks of playoff games—taking into account points scored, rebounds secured,
and assists dished out—came from LeBron James and Oscar Robertson. Time after
time, year after year, Antetokounmpo has proved that he is a historic
producer. But for the third season in a row, the Bucks were eliminated in the
first round. Now Giannis and the Bucks have to examine the best path forward
for each respective party—and be honest with themselves. What matters most for
Giannis in this line of work? Is it loyalty or results? There was a time when
he could comfortably occupy the center of that Venn diagram in Milwaukee.
Those days might be over. — _Danny Chau_

Analysis

The numbers speak for themselves. Giannis is having one of the best age-30
seasons in NBA history, just the latest and greatest in a litany of all-time
stat lines from the Greek Freak since he won his first MVP award in 2018-19 at
the age of 24. His career field goal percentage rivals that of Kareem Abdul-
Jabbar, and the mind-numbing efficiency Giannis has demonstrated in these two
most recent seasons surpasses what Shaquille O’Neal was capable of during his
prime years. Antetokounmpo now has an argument as the most dominant big man in
history outside of Wilt Chamberlain.

Maybe the most miraculous part of Giannis’s efficiency is how he’s maintained
it despite adjusting his shot diet in a notable way. All of a sudden, in
addition to being an all-time great finisher, Antetokounmpo has become one of
the best midrange shooters this season by largely eliminating 3-point attempts
for long 2s. Delivering a _better field goal percentage than prime Shaq_ in
2025 because you doubled your ratio of shots taken from _the least_ efficient
zone in basketball ought to be antithetical. But this is Giannis we’re talking
about.

On defense, the Bucks have crawled back toward the league’s upper echelon
largely on the back of Antetokounmpo’s omnipresence on that side of the ball.
There aren’t many players who can shoulder the offensive load Giannis carries
nightly while also exhibiting the effort, ground coverage, and instincts to
serve as a safety blanket on a Milwaukee team with less than ideal defensive
personnel.

The regular-season stats and impact are staggering. They’ve been that way for
a while now. But Giannis knows more than anyone how little they matter if you
don’t survive postseason attrition. It’s been too long since we’ve seen
Giannis play meaningful playoff basketball. The numbers may speak for
themselves, but a legitimate late-season push would shout them a whole lot
louder for the people in the back. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

04

Full  
Timeline

1/16

04

2/27

05

3/27

05

4/16

05

6/4

04

Luka Doncic  Los Angeles Lakers

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/LukaDoncic-
Lakers-1739547156481-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'7"

Weight 230 lbs

Age 26

Season 6

pts28.258.7 TS%

ast7.73.6 TOV/G

reb8.212.8 REB%

3P%36.89.6 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

5x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 3 overall, 2018

**God-tier playmaker** who sees the full cause-and-effect chain of every move
he makes.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PassingVirtuoso.png)Passing Virtuoso

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-ClutchGene.png)Clutch
Gene

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

Playoff Review

Doncic is coming off of arguably the worst playoff performance of his career:
a series in which he averaged 30 points, six assists, and seven rebounds on a
team that didn’t really make sense and had but a few months to find itself.
He’s gonna be just fine. Sure, Luka needs to take accountability for his
defense and conditioning, but even the version of Doncic that hasn’t been
fully committed in either regard has been one of the most dominant players in
the sport. Any progress is gravy—so long as Luka comes back with his usual
downhill burst. It’s on him to make sure he’s healthy enough to stay on the
attack, and it’s on the Lakers to reshape the roster around him and make life
easier for the new face of the franchise. _—Rob Mahoney_

Analysis

Since Nico Harrison has managed to shift the discussion points around Doncic,
let’s clear a few things up. No, Luka’s conditioning isn’t the best in
class—but that’s never stopped him from playing in a way that is. Sure, he
could stand to take some elements of his job more seriously, including his
individual defense—but that didn’t prevent Doncic from carrying a team to the
NBA Finals just last season and likely won’t prevent him from doing it again.
Clearly he doesn’t fit everyone’s conception of what it means to be a
superstar—but if _this_ kind of résumé bolstered by _this_ kind of production
doesn’t satisfy your preconceived notions, it might be time to go back to the
drawing board.

It’s still stunning that the Lakers added one of the most sophisticated
creators of the modern game to work alongside one of the most sophisticated
creators in the history of the league. LeBron and Luka working together is
quite the basketball think tank. Imagine those two puzzling through a playoff
series—or just wait, because we’ll soon see it. The twisted irony of the Mavs
betting against Doncic is that they’ve put him in a position to learn from the
best to ever play his exact role. Luka already sees and processes so much on
the floor that most defensive schemes never really stand a chance. He knows
their principles inside and out. He’s already identified the liabilities. And
now he has LeBron in his corner, helping to troubleshoot anything that comes
his way. What happens if Doncic gets even better at what he already does best?
No player is perfect, but Luka teasing out every option in the pick-and-roll
game comes alarmingly close. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

05

Full  
Timeline

1/16

08

2/27

06

3/27

06

4/16

06

6/4

05

Stephen Curry  Golden State Warriors

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/StephenCurry-1728925743060-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'3"

Weight 185 lbs

Age 37

Season 15

pts24.561.8 TS%

3P%39.711.2 3PA/G

ast62.9 TOV/G

stl1.11.7 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

4x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

2x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

10x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 7 overall, 2009

**Still the greatest show on any court** on the planet and now making a bid to
shake up the West as a spoiler.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
MovementShooter-1697561750599.png)Movement Shooter

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ball_handling.png)Ballhandling

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-ClutchGene.png)Clutch
Gene

Analysis

Curry is a living legend—so much so that as he winds around the court, you can
see the panic in the eyes of young players who grew up watching him play and
of veterans who have had their seasons ended by his hand. That reputation is a
big part of why Curry, even in his late 30s, exerts a one-of-one impact on the
flow of play. If Steph was forced to create everything for himself, he’d
eventually run out of steam. Pound-the-rock creation is a young man’s game.
Sprinting around off the ball is too, yet Curry sometimes feels
indefatigable—running opponents ragged as he grinds down their defensive
principles. Everyone has a plan for how to guard Steph. Then it comes time to
actually do it, and all the plans seem to fall apart.

That’s especially true now that Curry has a proper costar in Jimmy Butler.
Steph has done wonders to turn limited teammates into live threats, but every
mechanism in Golden State’s offense runs cleaner and easier when the players
involved are dangerous in their own right. Butler gives Curry another trigger
man as he moves around the floor, a cutter who understands how to play off of
Steph’s gravity, and a source of on-demand offense who spares Curry from
having to bail out every possession on the brink. Trading for Butler is the
kind of move that allows Curry to be his truest self, which is the best-case
scenario at this stage of his career. Let Steph be Steph, and the Warriors
might have a run in them yet. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

06

Full  
Timeline

1/16

11

2/27

09

3/27

08

4/16

07

6/4

06

Anthony Edwards  Minnesota Timberwolves

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AnthonyEdwards-1728924472703-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'4"

Weight 225 lbs

Age 23

Season 4

pts27.659.5 TS%

3P%39.510.3 3PA/G

stl1.21.6 STL%

reb5.78.7 REB%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

1x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 1 overall, 2020

**Two-way megastar** with the basketball world at his fingertips—and
personality to spare.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
RidiculousUpside.png)Ridiculous Upside

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/athleticism.png)Athleticism

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

Playoff Review

Ant is so many things to the Wolves, but he’s not quite an offense unto
himself. A great scorer, absolutely. A capable passer, without question. Yet
the most frenetic playoff defenses can scramble the floor just enough to
muddle Ant’s process, making it challenging at times for him to control the
game the way the league’s most dominant playmakers do. So he finds other ways:
exploding off the dribble to beat the trap and pulling up for 3s that even the
best team defense could never take away. That process worked well enough
against the Lakers and the Steph-less Warriors, but the Thunder pushed Ant to
his problem-solving limit. To get over the championship hump, Edwards might
have to learn to see the game at the speed of OKC’s frenzied rotations. Or he
might have to improve his game off the ball, moving with enough purpose to
open up entirely new kinds of offense. The beauty of having incredible skills
_and_ ridiculous athleticism is that it’s kind of all up to Ant. One of the
league's most dynamic players just has to see that progress through. _—Rob
Mahoney_

Analysis

This hasn’t been the most straightforward season for Edwards, a rocket-fueled
driver who, on most nights, has to navigate a cluttered runway. The lineups
and spacing around Ant aren’t ideal. But they are manageable, as Ant can bob
and weave and make a break for the rim when the opportunity arises—or, failing
that, just shoot over the top of the entire defense and spare himself the
trouble. One of the NBA’s most electric finishers becoming one of its most
prolific 3-point shooters is a league-altering development. Right now, those
long jumpers can sometimes feel like a coping mechanism—to the point that
Edwards has teed up philosophical debates about the soul of the game. There’s
a fair conversation to be had about how a player like Ant, with all of the
tools he now has at his disposal, should go about creating. Yet if he
continues to hit 3s at this blistering frequency, those options only expand.

In just a few seasons, Ant has rejuvenated a long-suffering fan base, elevated
the Wolves into contention, taken a run at the league’s established pecking
order, pushed for the season lead in made 3s, and challenged our fundamental
understanding of physics. The only things you can really hold against Edwards,
at this point, are the kinds of criticisms reserved for the very best players
in the sport. Presently, he’s working to crack the sorts of complex, fully
involved reads that separate champions from superstars. It’s a tall order, and
most never cut it. Edwards has a shot at making the leap. You can see it in
his highlight plays that he makes look so easy, and, increasingly, you can see
it in the plays that he has to really work for. How much Edwards accomplishes
with inconvenient lineups in the face of constant defensive pressure bodes
well for a career of problem-solving. In the biggest games and the highest-
stakes moments, the work of a superstar will never be simple. You win it all
only by overcoming. That’s not always clean, and it’s not always efficient,
but in the playoffs, it’s the only thing that really matters. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

07

Full  
Timeline

1/16

26

2/27

19

3/27

16

4/16

19

6/4

07

Tyrese Haliburton  Indiana Pacers

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/TyreseHaliburton-1728923558985-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 185 lbs

Age 25

Season 4

pts18.661.6 TS%

ast9.21.6 TOV/G

3P%38.87.7 3PA/G

stl1.42.1 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

1x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 12 overall, 2020

**A rising Midwest prince with a kooky shot** and a joie de vivre that fuels
one of the NBA’s most free-flowing offenses.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
FastAndLoose-1697561715605.png)Fast and Loose

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PassingVirtuoso.png)Passing Virtuoso

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

Playoff Review

So, since we last caught up, Haliburton has ascended to a higher plane of
existence. He is cementing himself as one of the great modern postseason
performers with clutch play after clutch play—he’s the beating heart of a
high-octane offense (and defense!) that has run its way into the Finals. As
essential as his pull-up shooting, off-ball cuts, and instantaneous decision-
making have been to the Pacers’ charmed run, it’s been a pleasant surprise
seeing Haliburton’s defensive acuity resurface after years of lying dormant.
Hali’s made use of this extended run to show the league just how well rounded
a player he’s become. And that’s a player deserving of top-10 status. — _Danny
Chau_

Analysis

It’s hard to know what to make of Haliburton in Year 5. Underreported injuries
during the offseason clearly limited Hali’s efficacy to start the season. His
shot had abandoned him, and he didn’t have the same verve and shake off the
dribble to slither into the paint. For years, Haliburton has needed a long
ramp-up period after returning from injuries; things were no different in the
first few months of the season. Still, it was disappointing to watch one of
the league’s bright young point guards regress after such a star-making
2023-24 season.

Things have picked up since the New Year. His shooting percentages are back up
to his typically efficient standard. The Pacers have crept back into elite
offensive territory on a more balanced creation diet: Haliburton’s assist
percentage has tailed off significantly compared to his previous two seasons,
yet the team’s overall assist numbers aren’t that dissimilar to last year’s
league-leading figures. It’s become clear that Hali’s game, at its best, is a
chain of codependent reactions: His elite volume 3-point shooting opens up
driving lanes, and driving lanes open up passing windows. With his perimeter
shooting taking a few months to stabilize, the Pacers have taken to giving
Haliburton momentum in the half court by getting him in motion off the ball
before initiating pick-and-rolls. It may be Hali’s third full season with the
team that’s championed him as the face of the franchise, but it’s still
learning how to optimize his talent without overburdening his frame.
Haliburton’s play may not be the revelation it was last season, but it’s
rounding into form. And after a turbulent start, the Pacers are back where
they were last year—punching up at the East’s elite. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

08

Full  
Timeline

1/16

12

2/27

08

3/27

09

4/16

09

6/4

08

Donovan Mitchell  Cleveland Cavaliers

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DonovanMitchell-1728925934374-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'1"

Weight 215 lbs

Age 28

Season 7

pts2457.5 TS%

3P%36.88.9 3PA/G

ast52.1 TOV/G

stl1.32 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

1x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 13 overall, 2017

**Score-whenever-and-however-he-wants** athlete on the league’s top offense.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloatGame.png)Float
Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

Playoff Review

After an electric regular season, it was disappointing to see this year’s Cavs
lose in much the same fashion that last year’s Cavs did: with Mitchell doing
the most, for better or worse. The injuries to Mitchell, Darius Garland, and
Evan Mobley played a part. So did the Pacers, who knew exactly which buttons
to push to stall the Cavs out. Regardless, all the balance and ball movement
that supercharged Cleveland’s offense went up in smoke—giving way to Mitchell
forcing the issue in a way that was both deeply admirable and clearly
limiting. So long as Mitchell is forced to be that kind of do-it-all creator,
by his team or its circumstances, he’ll continue to run into the same wall.
Something has to give. Maybe a healthy, refreshed Cavs team is capable of that
kind of evolution, but it’s unfortunate that they’ll have to wait until next
spring to be sure. _—Rob Mahoney_

Analysis

Reasonable people can debate whether any superstar has sacrificed more than
Mitchell this season. There’s no debate about whether any other player’s
sacrifice has been more worthwhile. Cleveland has been a juggernaut all year,
in no small part thanks to Mitchell’s willingness to take a step back and cede
on-ball responsibility to his skilled supporting cast. Evan Mobley and Darius
Garland are All-Star talents, but they probably wouldn’t have _actually_ been
named All-Stars if Mitchell sought the same role on the Cavaliers that, say,
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander has in Oklahoma City.

All that said, Mitchell is no wallflower. An All-Star for the sixth straight
season (and a starter for the very first time), the 28-year-old dynamo has
gradually become one of the most potent 3-point shooters in the league. In his
third season, Mitchell’s average shot distance was 14.8 feet. This season,
he’s stretched it out to 17.5 feet, a justified and necessary rework of a game
that needs to foreground his teammates as much as they used to complement him.
— _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

09

Full  
Timeline

1/16

10

2/27

13

3/27

11

4/16

10

6/4

09

Jalen Brunson  New York Knicks

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JalenBrunson-1728924204078-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'2"

Weight 190 lbs

Age 28

Season 6

pts2660.5 TS%

ast7.32.5 TOV/G

stl0.91.3 STL%

3P%38.36.1 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

1x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 33 overall, 2018

**Tenacious scoring guard** who put one of the NBA’s most storied franchises
on his back.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloorGeneral.png)Floor
General

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloatGame.png)Float
Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PodcastBro-1697561821616.png)Podcast Bro

Playoff Review

Brunson raises a philosophical question: Are superstars defined by the bulk of
plays they make easier or the plays they convert despite their difficulty?
Brunson scored at blistering rates throughout the postseason, but New York’s
entire run to the Eastern Conference finals felt like it was uphill. A
6-foot-2 guard has to do _so much_ heavy manufacturing to be a volume scorer.
The Knicks managed the run they did—straight through the defending champion
Celtics—because Brunson is more capable of that sort of hardscrabble
production than any other player his size. It’s dazzling to watch, though it
comes at a cost. Would the Knicks be better off diversifying their offense a
bit? Would Brunson hold up better defensively if he weren’t working such an
intense double shift? New York has a lot to celebrate in getting this far and
plenty to figure out in charting the way forward. _—Rob Mahoney_

Analysis

It’s amazing what Brunson can accomplish with footwork alone. It allows him to
play a full step faster than he actually is, and several inches taller. It
lets him loose as a scorer, stretching good instincts into volume production.
Brunson lives on shots he should never be able to get off. Players with
Brunson’s physical profile don’t often hold up well under playoff scrutiny.
They get blotted out by the length and focus of high-level defenses. Brunson
isn’t immune to those elements, but the rhythms of his game are so
unpredictable that he gives himself an out. No matter how stifling the
coverage, there’s always an escape hatch just a pivot away.

What makes Brunson a great point guard isn’t his transcendent vision. It’s
that he leverages all of the improbability of his game into running one of the
league’s most potent offenses. An easy chemistry with Karl-Anthony Towns helps
get things started, but so much of what Brunson accomplishes comes from being
relentless and pragmatic. Make the simple read, over and over, and never stop.
Brunson will run himself through a wall in a way that makes other Knicks want
to follow his lead. And it’s that tenacity that makes some of his limitations
more forgivable. It’s an inarguable fact that Brunson gets picked on
defensively. It’s _also_ an inarguable fact that he covers more ground on
offense than just about any other guard in the league, constantly moving and
attacking while carrying a Thibsian workload. Something has to give. Yet with
will and guile, Brunson manages to take so much more than he gives up. — _Rob
Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

10

Full  
Timeline

1/16

05

2/27

04

3/27

04

4/16

04

6/4

10

Jayson Tatum  Boston Celtics

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JaysonTatum-1728925658477-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'8"

Weight 210 lbs

Age 27

Season 7

pts26.858.2 TS%

reb8.712.9 REB%

ast62.9 TOV/G

3P%34.310.1 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

4x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 3 overall, 2017

**The most complete wing in the NBA** —and the best American basketball player
currently in his prime—is somehow … underrated?

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

Playoff Review

An unfortunate case of bad luck struck amid what had been one of the best
postseason performances of Tatum’s career. The ruptured Achilles tendon he
suffered late in Game 4 of the Eastern Conference semifinals cast a pall over
Boston’s championship hangover season and could impact the team for the next
calendar year, if not longer. Tatum and the organization opted to go through
with surgery almost immediately, and should his recovery and rehabilitation
progress as intended, there is an outside chance that he could return to the
court sometime next season. But there’s no telling how long it’ll take for
Tatum to have full confidence in his body and resume playing at a top-five
caliber, and there’s no telling just how much the league’s landscape
(including his own team) might shift around him in the interim. — _Danny Chau_

Analysis

Maybe it’s the oft-parodied dip in his shooting stroke. The ease with which he
can drone on in a thoughtful but dull cadence without saying much at all. The
way he processed winning a championship in 2024 by doing [a series of
impressions](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-LTVJrjbkA) of past iconic
celebrations. Whatever it is, the awe that ought to be attached to a player
like Tatum has warped into more of an ick among the general basketball-viewing
public. The NBA is defined by superstars with immediately identifiable one-of-
one advantages. Huge spikes in a [spider
chart](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radar_chart). But Tatum’s style doesn’t
jut out. It’s round. And with every year, he inches closer and closer to a
perfect circle.  

Tatum is one of the premier high-usage isolationists in basketball but has
also been an outstanding spot-up shooter his entire career. In a Celtics
defensive scheme that is designed to create mismatches through switching,
Tatum’s ability to scale up or down the positional spectrum unlocks Boston’s
winning formula. The old book on Tatum was to push him to make plays under
pressure by bringing doubles and triples, forcing the ball out of his hands.
But this season has brought Tatum a newfound comfort in identifying the open
man and delivering pinpoint passes with astonishing velocity. His strength and
stride variation allow him to get to his spots with ease—his end-of-season
compilation of blow-by dunks will be bountiful. Now that Tatum trusts his
instincts enough to deliver a whip pass to the far-side corner? That’s a
terrifying player reaching the peak of his powers at the perfect time. He’s
demure, he’s mindful, but don’t get it twisted: He’s one of the very best
there is in basketball today. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

11

Full  
Timeline

1/16

06

2/27

10

3/27

12

4/16

12

6/4

11

Victor Wembanyama  San Antonio Spurs

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/VictorWembanyama-1728928616499-small.png)

Big

Height 7'4"

Weight 230 lbs

Age 21

Season 1

pts24.359.4 TS%

3P%35.28.8 3PA/G

reb1117.7 REB%

blk3.810.4 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 1 overall, 2023

**Best defender alive** with sublime “Face of the NBA” potential.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/shot_blocking.png)Shot Blocking

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
OutOfThisWorld-1729002770147.png)Out of This World

Analysis

Even though it was prematurely cut short by a deep vein thrombosis diagnosis
in his shoulder, Wembanyama's sophomore season was every bit the transcendent
breakout we expected it to be. As the reigning Rookie of the Year and
Defensive Player of the Year runner-up, Wemby firmly established himself as
one of the 10 best basketball players on Earth, appealing enough to lure
De’Aaron Fox from Sacramento and capable enough to lift a supporting cast of
intriguing prospects and well-aged veterans to play-in contention.

Wembanyama can and often does launch jumpers from several feet behind the
3-point line. He can drill turnarounds from the mid-post and finish just about
everything around the basket without having to bend his knees. His work-in-
progress playmaking is miles ahead of where it should be, and the sky is the
limit when projecting his potential as a roll man.

Defensively, there’s really not much more to say. No individual has a larger
impact on that side of the ball today. No individual will have a larger impact
on that side of the ball for the next 10 years, at least. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

12

Full  
Timeline

1/16

14

2/27

07

3/27

07

4/16

08

6/4

12

LeBron James  Los Angeles Lakers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/LebronJames-1728999922314-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'9"

Weight 250 lbs

Age 40

Season 21

pts24.460.4 TS%

reb7.812.6 REB%

ast8.23.7 TOV/G

stl11.4 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

4x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

4x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

20x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 1 overall, 2003

**Level 22 dungeon master** whose control of the game has extended his
dominance longer than any player’s in history.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PotentialGOAT.png)Potential GOAT

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloorGeneral.png)Floor
General

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

Analysis

LeBron’s Lakers run will always be remembered as his last chapter—where he
broke the scoring record and earned countless other longevity accolades—but
it’s also been the best showcase of his supreme versatility. As his career has
stretched to two decades and beyond, not only has James’s play remained on par
with that of All-Stars nearly half his age, but he’s also managed to tailor
the identity of his game to his team’s needs. When the Lakers lacked
distribution, he led the league in assists; after injuries depleted the
frontcourt, he tried his hand at small-ball center. Over those six years,
Basketball-Reference has logged his individual seasons at four different
positions. That may be mere taxonomy—LeBron is all things, all the time—but it
speaks to the dominion he’s had, even as he’s become only the 32nd player to
ever suit up in his 40s.

Age-40 LeBron isn’t the same player he once was; those power drives have
largely devolved into settling for stepback 3s, and he’ll get to the rack more
with old-man strength and guile rather than an explosive first step. James
will dominate—it’s just more calculated, like he knows exactly how many
takeovers he has left in his coffers and needs to make damn sure before he
uncorks one. But he’s still a marvel who can manipulate a possession with his
read of the court and a Criterion Closet of game situations. And the millions
he’s spent biohacking his body have allowed him to avoid load-managing
altogether and play a normal allotment of minutes and games.

After all, the arrival of Luka Doncic may prolong his career better than any
Versaclimber could. For his next (last?) act, James is doing the only thing he
hasn’t done on an NBA court: adapt to being no. 2 on the call sheet. LeBron
has ceded the floor to dynamic guards for possessions, stretches, games, but
now he’s the one (willingly) [fitting
into](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XDzpRgJ7OoI) a Lakers worldview slowly
but surely tilting toward Doncic. So far, so good: James’s
[production](https://www.basketball-
reference.com/players/j/jamesle01/gamelog/2025#1539-1562-sum:player_game_log_reg)
in the 24 regular-season games he played after the Luka trade looks eerily
similar to his [raw numbers before the trade](https://www.basketball-
reference.com/players/j/jamesle01/gamelog/2025/#1493-1538-sum:player_game_log_reg),
but LeBron is playing noticeably lighter, like he [can’t
believe](https://x.com/THESPECTORFILES/status/1786796636061962271) he now gets
to play off one of the few playmakers who can approach his offensive wizardry.
James’s hints at hanging it up in the near future have come more frequently by
the year, as is the case for any middle-aged careerist. But with Doncic now by
his side, he looks like he can play another half decade if he wants to. —
_Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

13

Full  
Timeline

1/16

09

2/27

12

3/27

13

4/16

14

6/4

13

Anthony Davis  Dallas Mavericks

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AnthonyDavis-
Mavs-1739547006440-small.png)

Big

Height 6'10"

Weight 253 lbs

Age 32

Season 12

pts24.758.8 TS%

reb11.619.4 REB%

blk2.26 BLK%

stl1.21.7 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

5x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 1 overall, 2012

**One of the most physically gifted players in basketball** has a new
opportunity to spread his massive wings—if only he weren’t also a prisoner in
his own body.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/nbadraft20-setB-
color4-06-v1.png)Interior Scoring

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/shot_blocking.png)Shot Blocking

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

Analysis

The moribund Mavericks fan base caught the purest distillation of the Anthony
Davis experience in his first game for the team since getting traded from the
Lakers in the Luka Doncic blockbuster: 26 points, 16 rebounds, seven assists,
three blocks—all in 31 minutes. Pure dominance, undercut in the third quarter
by a noncontact lower-body strain. Davis had said all the right things to fans
still licking their wounds after the trade, and those 31 minutes were a
convincing proof of concept. But with Davis, you’re always on edge, waiting
for the other shoe to drop. Every tumble onto the hardwood, every midair
collision, every wince takes its toll.  

But GM Nico Harrison is evidently more fixated on the pluses: Davis has long
insisted that he is not a true center—a self-perception he’d inherited from
past generational talents Kevin Garnett and Tim Duncan—and he’ll (eventually)
get his wish by playing alongside bigs like Dereck Lively II and Daniel
Gafford. With his length and hypermobility, Davis can assume something
approximating Giannis’s defensive position as the ultimate weakside eraser. On
offense, there was a lot of Davis left on the Hollywood cutting-room floor
when he was playing alongside LeBron. In Dallas, on the other hand, AD will be
relied on as a self-creator, a playmaker, and play finisher, in addition to
shaping the defense in his image.

In a conference that may soon be inherited by omnitalented big men like Victor
Wembanyama and Chet Holmgren, AD stands as a ur _-_ unicorn, a prototype of
what is to come and the pitfalls that lie ahead. It’s now or never for Davis,
who has only once led a team past the first round of the playoffs as the
undisputed best player. If he can keep himself upright, there is no better
opportunity to show the world what a fully optimized version of the Brow can
look like.  — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

14

Full  
Timeline

1/16

07

2/27

11

3/27

10

4/16

11

6/4

14

Kevin Durant  Phoenix Suns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KevinDurant-1728928916230-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'10"

Weight 229 lbs

Age 36

Season 17

pts26.664.2 TS%

ast4.23.1 TOV/G

reb69.2 REB%

blk1.23.2 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

2x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

1x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

11x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 2 overall, 2007

**Living legend passively-aggressively trying** to lift his team into the same
rarefied air as his individual game.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
MovementShooter-1697561750599.png)Movement Shooter

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
ExtremelyOnline-1697561773516.png)Extremely Online

Analysis

How can a player so metronomically consistent keep finding himself in such a
goddamn mess? Even at age 36, Durant continues to be a tight-as-a-drum
offensive force—a scorer so preternaturally gifted, yet also so refined in all
the ways needed to deploy those rare skills. A true master of his craft … who
will then go home and debate online trolls like a caller on WFAN.  

But as KD makes those feathery jumpers like he’s playing in an empty gym, the
walls are closing in around him yet again. The Suns got so desperate for any
kind of action at the trade deadline that after their failed bid for Jimmy
Butler (due entirely to their slapdash trade for Bradley Beal two summers
ago), they reportedly started dangling Durant, the player they’re ostensibly
building around. At this point, a trade in the offseason seems inevitable,
which would mark Durant’s third new team since leaving Golden State in the
summer of 2019.

It all adds up to one of the most painfully unfortunate patterns: Durant’s
individual performance has been historically good, even as he ages into his
late 30s, but his choice of teams is historically bad. _—Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

15

Full  
Timeline

1/16

36

2/27

41

3/27

20

4/16

16

6/4

15

Kawhi Leonard  Los Angeles Clippers

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KawhiLeonard-1728925815438-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'7"

Weight 225 lbs

Age 33

Season 13

pts21.558.9 TS%

reb5.910.5 REB%

ast3.11.9 TOV/G

stl1.62.5 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

2x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

6x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 15 overall, 2011

**One of the best players in the world** , encumbered by one of the worst
injury histories.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

Playoff Review

Leonard finally made it through a postseason healthy—though he didn’t
technically finish it on the court. The Clippers were being so thoroughly
waxed by the Nuggets in Game 7 of their first-round series that he was forced
to watch the entire fourth quarter from the bench. Kawhi was steadily
excellent up until that point, and his 39-point masterpiece in Game 2 ranks
among his very best individual performances to date, but in contrast to every-
play grinders like Aaron Gordon and Christian Braun, he and the Clippers often
looked a step slow. This past season may ultimately be a prelude to what’s to
come next season, a proof of concept that this Los Angeles core has enough to
contend when fully healthy; but given Leonard’s track record, it’s just as
likely that Game 7 was a rare opportunity that he and the Clips let slip away.
— _Justin Verrier_

Analysis

Fool me 374 times, shame on me … but _goddamn_ does Kawhi look formidable when
he’s out there. He’s got everything you’d want from a modern-day wing:
methodical isolation scoring; pinpoint accuracy from the perimeter,
particularly off the catch; sturdiness and unflappability in the face of
defensive pressure. He’s definitely shown the wear of a never-ending
procession of injuries this season, but the athletic pop is ever so slowly
[returning](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqD3JhuhGn4), and his ballhandling
is so tightly wound and efficiently deployed that he can still be a force,
albeit in a carefully monitored minute allotment.

But yes, I know, the injuries: Leonard hasn’t finished a postseason healthy
since the 2020 bubble and has now logged more load-managed seasons since
2017-18, when his career was derailed by the infamous nine-game campaign that
ended his Spurs run, than non-load-managed seasons. So while the Clippers have
a deep bench of hounding perimeter defenders to alleviate those duties and
just let him rip on offense, and his all-around impact has looked [_pretty
compelling_](https://www.nba.com/stats/team/1610612746/onoffcourt-
advanced?dir=D&sort=NET_RATING) thus far, even the biggest Kawhi optimists
have been burned too many times before to expect anything more than
disappointment from one of the best players of his era. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

16

Full  
Timeline

1/16

28

2/27

17

3/27

15

4/16

15

6/4

16

Cade Cunningham  Detroit Pistons

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/CadeCunningham-1728924306120-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'6"

Weight 220 lbs

Age 23

Season 3

pts26.156.5 TS%

ast9.14.4 TOV/G

reb6.19.6 REB%

blk0.82.1 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 1 overall, 2021

**Patient pick-and-roll operator** who finally has room to work.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloorGeneral.png)Floor
General

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

Playoff Review

In his playoff debut, Cunningham played a calm game in the midst of a chaotic
first-round series—unsurprising given his style and demeanor. Still, that
battle with the Knicks made clear that Cade is working his way along the same
learning curve that all young creators face. The production is already there.
The playmaking is undeniable. Yet it’s taxing, mentally and physically, to
break down a defense time and again over seven games, making pinpoint reads
against full-speed, well-tuned defenses. Cunningham made smart decisions with
the ball far more often than not, but he sometimes fell into rashes of
turnovers and moments of indecision. He still looked tremendous in leading the
charge for Detroit and will pose an even bigger threat next time around. _—Rob
Mahoney_

Analysis

It’s been one of the great joys of this NBA season to see Cunningham in open
space for the first time in his NBA life, like a puppy raised in a mill
finally allowed to frolic around a big, open field. Everything he does feels
lighter. You can see the ease in Cade’s playmaking now that there aren’t
constantly three defenders in his way. You can see his confidence building
every time he turns the corner, trusting not only in his world-class
playmaking but also in an ever-improving jumper. This is a star—and a
team—that finally has something to play for, and with each passing day Cade
looks more like the visionary creator the Pistons hoped he would be.

None of Cunningham’s reads seem predetermined—it’s all a matter of
establishing a pick-and-roll premise and taking what the defense gives him.
Sometimes it allows Cade to show how adaptable he is, but in other cases, it
leaves him at the mercy of what an opponent _wants_ him to do. He can do more,
and this season he’s showing it. The ongoing test for Cunningham is to
_dominate_. That can be tricky given his more methodical game; it’s not like
Cade is blowing past defenders on the first step. Yet it’s a credit to his
poise and feel that he can get exactly where he means to go and manage to make
it all look so easy. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

17

Full  
Timeline

1/16

22

2/27

16

3/27

18

4/16

13

6/4

17

Evan Mobley  Cleveland Cavaliers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/EvanMobley-1728924962010-small.png)

Big

Height 6'11"

Weight 215 lbs

Age 23

Season 3

pts18.563.3 TS%

reb9.316.5 REB%

blk1.64.7 BLK%

stl0.91.4 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 3 overall, 2021

**Game-changing defender** just beginning to spread his wings on offense.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/shot_blocking.png)Shot Blocking

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/athleticism.png)Athleticism

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/rebounding.png)Rebounding

Analysis

Apparently what Mobley needed most was the opportunity to simply do more: to
operate in different spaces, to take the ball and run with it, to try things
and falter and find his way. Kenny Atkinson has let Mobley loose, and it’s
paying off for the Cavs all over the floor. He looks like a completely
different player. Mobley is playing a coast-to-coast game in a way that makes
him an immediate threat. He’s more confident in attacking mismatches than ever
before, punking smalls and wings who dare to guard him. He’s dunking
_everything._ Mobley was a no-questions-asked All-Star this season and should
be one of the front-runners for Defensive Player of the Year. All at 23 years
old.

Mobley’s development came along rather slowly and then all at once. The long-
range shooting he dabbled in during his first three seasons is paying off. His
stints moonlighting at the 5 have opened up all kinds of lineup options. All
of the strength training Mobley’s done since coming into the league has turned
him into the kind of player who delivers hits rather than gets derailed by
them. He might not have the skill set of a go-to scorer, but Mobley is quietly
creating more for himself—using his length to turn marginal advantages into
easy buckets. It’s impressive to see Mobley developing the tools he needs but
all the more impressive to see him growing in his understanding of how to use
them. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

18

Full  
Timeline

1/16

13

2/27

14

3/27

17

4/16

17

6/4

18

Karl-Anthony Towns  New York Knicks

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KarlAnthonyTowns-1728925312358-small.png)

Big

Height 7'0"

Weight 248 lbs

Age 29

Season 9

pts24.463 TS%

reb12.821 REB%

ast3.12.7 TOV/G

3P%424.7 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

2x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 1 overall, 2015

  * [Why the Karl-Anthony Towns Trade Isn’t Just Another Reckless Knicks Bet](https://www.theringer.com/nba/2024/10/1/24259231/new-york-knicks-karl-anthony-towns-trade-leon-rose)

**One of the most skilled bigs** in the league and, sometimes, his own worst
enemy.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PostMoves-1729002751433.png)Post Moves

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
GalaxyBrain02.png)Galaxy Brain

Playoff Review

KAT’s stardom, as ever, is in the eye of the beholder. Is he the wildly
talented and undeniably productive center who helped carry the Knicks past the
Celtics to the Eastern Conference finals? Or is he the spacey defender and
dumb foul machine preventing this team from going even further? The truth is
tethered between the two, sliding back and forth depending on the night and
the circumstances. It’s that tension that prevents Towns from moving much
higher up this list and nudges the Knicks into some existential questions
about the future of this core—even after its first full season yielded the
best Knicks playoff run in decades. _—Rob Mahoney_

Analysis

Towns has been a dream addition for the Knicks and also a sobering reality.
He’s catalyzed an already explosive offense with the versatility of his
scoring, making himself so instrumental that New York sometimes has trouble
putting together runs without him. He’s also been such a nonfactor in
protecting the basket and defending the pick-and-roll that he complicates New
York’s efforts against topflight opponents. The positives obviously outweigh
the negatives, but with Towns, there’s always a catch—the sort that makes him
more of a star than a superstar.

There’s no shame in that, particularly when Towns is such a singular presence.
Bigs who can shoot like Towns (to the extent that any can) are almost never as
physical and competitive on the glass as he is. And the bigs who mix it up and
power their way to scores inside like he does rarely have the ball skills he
brings to the table. It’s because of KAT’s flexibility that he can work in
lineups of all kinds, holding together a shallow New York rotation. For
everything Towns can’t do, there’s something he opens up or enables in others.
A player like that can be difficult to contextualize and, at times, difficult
to build around. He’s still incredibly valuable, if not always in exactly the
ways you might like. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

19

Full  
Timeline

1/16

18

2/27

15

3/27

14

4/16

18

6/4

19

Devin Booker  Phoenix Suns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DevinBooker-1728920490609-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 206 lbs

Age 28

Season 9

pts25.658.9 TS%

3P%33.27.3 3PA/G

ast7.12.9 TOV/G

stl0.91.2 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

2x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 13 overall, 2015

**Kobe acolyte who remains** one of the steadiest offensive forces of his
generation.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-ClutchGene.png)Clutch
Gene

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
MovementShooter-1697561750599.png)Movement Shooter

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
ShitStirrer-1729002760904.png)Sh*t Stirrer

Analysis

Given how impactful he was for the U.S. men’s national basketball team in
Paris last summer, it’s fair to be a bit disappointed in Booker’s season on a
Suns team teetering on catastrophe after an uneventful trade deadline. There’s
been no post-Olympics leap, but despite a drop-off in efficiency, Booker’s
output has hardly fluctuated. He’s had per-game averages of at least 24
points, three rebounds, and four assists in [eight different
seasons](https://stathead.com/tiny/lvAa1)—more seasons than Larry Bird and the
same number of seasons as Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and Elgin Baylor. And Booker’s
done it in eight _consecutive_ seasons. Kobe Bryant is second on the list with
13 such seasons, behind only LeBron (21). It’s easy to forget how young Booker
still is—28, despite being in Year 10. Given his style of play—few things age
more gracefully in basketball than elite midrange craft—there’s a legitimate
possibility that he’ll eclipse his idol.  

But it’s the variety of his skills that keeps his game from getting staid.
There aren’t many players at his position who are more offensively versatile.
How many volume scorers in the league have Booker’s off-the-dribble game, his
off-movement space creation, his lead-guard facilitating chops? How many of
them merge those disparate layers as seamlessly as Booker does? It’s been
another underwhelming season for a team still trying to climb back to the
heights it reached in 2021. There are no guarantees beyond 2025 that Booker’s
current running mates will still be in the desert with him, but Booker’s faced
far worse problems in his decade in Phoenix. No matter what changes around
him, he has been the Suns’ constant. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

20

Full  
Timeline

1/16

21

2/27

27

3/27

27

4/16

24

6/4

20

Jalen Williams  Oklahoma City Thunder

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JalenWilliams-1728926221522-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'6"

Weight 195 lbs

Age 24

Season 2

pts21.657.3 TS%

3P%36.54.9 3PA/G

stl1.62.4 STL%

blk0.72.1 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 12 overall, 2022

**Exquisite two-way force** with true star potential.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
RidiculousUpside.png)Ridiculous Upside

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
GotThatDog1-1704733767241.png)Got That Dog in Him

Playoff Review

By making his first All-Star, All-NBA, and All-Defensive teams, J-Dub has
cemented himself as an ascending superstar who can’t be ignored in any attempt
to list the most complete two-way players in the league. He showed real poise
during these playoffs, bouncing back from every inefficient stinker by going
lights-out the next time he stepped onto the floor. More than anybody else,
Williams personifies the relentlessly tenacious, preternaturally calm identity
that’s carried the Oklahoma City Thunder all the way to the NBA Finals. He’s
so good at taking the ball from the other team but rarely coughs it up. In a
league where versatility and multipronged skill sets have never been more
important, Williams is a poster child. He guards everyone and has no obvious
offensive flaws. An appropriate Scottie Pippen to Shai Gilgeous-Alexander’s
MJ. — _Michael Pina_

Analysis

It’s impossible to extol just one part of Williams’s game. Its all-around
impact defies quantification. The second All-Star on one of the most dominant
teams in NBA history, Williams is everything a super-duper star like Shai
Gilgeous-Alexander can ask for in a sidekick. He’s a vital part of the
league’s top defense. Versatile, tentacled, and opportunistic.

Even with most of his shooting numbers down this year, J-Dub can still create
his own looks at all three levels, run pick-and-rolls, and make shrewd reads
while blasting downhill toward the basket. He’s explosive, canny, and
technically sound. His developmental rise, from a mid-first-round pick to one
of the best players in the league, is as much the source of OKC’s success as
anything else. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

21

Full  
Timeline

1/16

15

2/27

18

3/27

19

4/16

21

6/4

21

Jaylen Brown  Boston Celtics

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JaylenBrown-1728927397366-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'6"

Weight 223 lbs

Age 28

Season 8

pts22.255.5 TS%

reb5.89.3 REB%

3P%32.45.7 3PA/G

stl1.21.7 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

1x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 3 overall, 2016

**Reigning Finals MVP** whose two-way spark is indispensable for a title
contender.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-ClutchGene.png)Clutch
Gene

Analysis

It’s been a strange season for Brown. His 3-point accuracy has been at a
career low, while his free throw attempts and assists are at career highs.
After ranking 39th (another career high) in estimated plus-minus last year,
Brown now ranks [outside the top
100](https://dunksandthrees.com/player/1627759/historical?rkType=rk) in one of
the NBA’s most informative catchall metrics.

Still, the reigning Finals MVP remains a physical force of nature (and All-
Star) on a team that’s favored to come out of the Eastern Conference. Brown’s
independent shot creation is invaluable, as is the way he bullies smaller
defenders and blows by larger ones. His ability to dominate mismatches gives
the Celtics a major advantage in any seven-game series. On both sides of the
ball, Brown is a problem that most opponents aren’t equipped to solve. —
_Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

22

Full  
Timeline

1/16

16

2/27

32

3/27

23

4/16

23

6/4

22

Paolo Banchero  Orlando Magic

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/PaoloBanchero-1728920268807-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'10"

Weight 249 lbs

Age 22

Season 2

pts25.955.1 TS%

reb7.512.5 REB%

blk0.61.7 BLK%

ast4.83 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 1 overall, 2022

**A crystalline-pure hooper** who just happens to be built like the
Undertaker.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
RidiculousUpside.png)Ridiculous Upside

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ball_handling.png)Ballhandling

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

Playoff Review

Another year, another first-round exit that must leave Magic fans both
frustrated and tantalized. Banchero once again proved that he can carry the
weight of being a high-usage go-to scorer in a best-of-seven series, but how
much of his exertion on offense is a function of not trusting the players
around him? Banchero remains one of the most talented players in the league,
but we’ve yet to see his staggering offensive playmaking optimized because of
Orlando’s persistent shooting woes year over year. There is much to evaluate.
Most of the Magic’s misfortunes can be chalked up to bad injury luck—but not
all of them. It’ll be interesting to see what Paolo’s been cooking up in the
lab during the offseason, but the onus is on the front office to make sure he
has the right pieces around him to thrive. — _Danny Chau_

Analysis

It’s difficult to know what to make of Banchero’s season, which started with a
compelling case for superstardom before a torn oblique derailed his freight-
train momentum. Power and grace. Pull-up shooting from a player the size of a
Monstar. He’s got point-guard-caliber vision and handles with the passing
angles of a center. Banchero has been uneven at best in his return. There are
nights when the buckets come easily, but more often than not, it’s been a
messy feeling-out process, in terms of his confidence and conditioning and
where he belongs on the court and in the team’s pecking order. His prolonged
absence created a runway for Franz Wagner’s breakthrough. On one hand,
Wagner’s ascent made Banchero’s reacclimation process less pressured, but on
the other, a player of Banchero’s ilk, built to be a high-usage first option,
is having to figure out how to pick his spots in the interim.

It’s evident that he isn’t quite back to 100 percent. The burst and
decisiveness of his first five games of the season aren’t quite there, and
it’s resulted in Banchero falling back into old patterns of inefficiency that
no player his size should have issues with. The Magic have trudged through
this season burdened by a rash of injuries, and the lack of flow has cratered
their offense. But the only way out is through. At his best, he offers the
rarest combination of elite size, self-creation, and playmaking—and Orlando
needs every ounce Paolo can muster. Banchero has a preternatural feel for the
game, and one would assume that he’ll figure it out as the Magic round into
the second half of the season. He’s simply too talented not to. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

23

Full  
Timeline

1/16

38

2/27

38

3/27

41

4/16

38

6/4

23

Pascal Siakam  Indiana Pacers

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/PascalSiakam-1728928522242-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'8"

Weight 230 lbs

Age 31

Season 7

pts20.259.9 TS%

reb6.911.8 REB%

ast3.41.4 TOV/G

stl0.91.3 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

2x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 27 overall, 2016

**All-Star with an improving outside shot** who’s as keen in the half-court as
he once was in transition.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloatGame.png)Float
Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PostMoves-1729002751433.png)Post Moves

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

Playoff Review

All the Indiana Pacers have done since trading for Siakam is make two straight
conference finals and give themselves a totally legitimate chance to win it
all. Not bad. Also not a coincidence. Siakam made his third All-Star team this
year by embracing Indy’s balls-to-the-wall identity and becoming someone who’s
willing to sprint by his man up the floor to secure a few easy baskets in
transition. It’s a nice complement to every other part of his game: Siakam has
diversified Indy’s fast tempo by functioning as one of the more devastating
mismatch operators leaguewide. His off-kilter, midrange stepbacks and low-post
bully ball are convenient fallback plans when the Pacers’ track meet grinds to
a halt. They gave up three first-round picks in January 2024 to get him and,
in hindsight, would’ve happily surrendered a fourth. — _Michael Pina_

Analysis

One year later, the Pacers’ trade for Siakam has been an undeniable success
story. This season, he made his third All-Star team, is submitting career
highs in several statistical categories, and, for lengthy, meaningful
stretches, has asserted himself as Indiana’s most consistent (and valuable!)
player. Whether he’s on the court with Tyrese Haliburton or not, Siakam is an
efficient, reliable scorer who seeks mismatches and capitalizes when he has
one.

There are limitations to his game and a ceiling on any team with Siakam as its
best player, but there’s no denying his two-way versatility. Now that he’s
developed a respectable 3-point shot, opponents have to deal with his post
game, worry about him in transition, and pay attention when he’s holding the
ball behind the arc or spotting up in the corner. Siakam knows how to pass and
can find an open teammate when the defense over-helps, but by and large the
Pacers acquired him to get buckets in myriad ways, and that’s exactly what
he’s doing. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

24

Full  
Timeline

1/16

39

2/27

26

3/27

22

4/16

20

6/4

24

Jimmy Butler  Golden State Warriors

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JimmyButler-
Warriors-1739547119052-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'7"

Weight 229 lbs

Age 35

Season 12

pts17.562.6 TS%

reb5.49.2 REB%

ast5.41.3 TOV/G

stl1.42.2 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

5x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 30 overall, 2011

**The NBA’s toughest SOB** , on a mission to show why he’s worth the hassle.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
ShitStirrer-1729002760904.png)Sh*t Stirrer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-ClutchGene.png)Clutch
Gene

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Barista-1697561788741.png)Barista

Updated 3/27

The reunion wasn’t exactly [warm and
fuzzy](https://x.com/NBAonTNT/status/1904673489530794226), but we wouldn’t be
surprised if Pat Riley has spent more than a few nights in recent weeks
staring longingly at a framed photo of Butler [dressing
down](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5gDSkwxsSI8) Jrue Holiday in the 2023
playoffs. There are plenty of stats we could give you to underline the
immediate impact Jimmy has had in Golden State, but none are as effective as
watching the Heat’s wretched offense lately. Actually, here’s a simple one:
The Warriors are 15-2 when Steph and Jimmy play together. To be fair, the two
most recent games without Curry weren’t pretty, but Butler’s ability to
manufacture trips to the foul line and his toughness on both ends have been a
perfect complement to Steph’s beautiful game masterstrokes. There’s a lot of
Draymond in Jimmy—which neatly explains why Miami gave him up for so little
and also why Butler’s first month-plus with the Warriors has been so
gangbusters.  — _Justin Verrier_

Analysis

Butler won’t be up for the [Twyman-Stokes
award](https://www.espn.com/nba/history/awards/_/id/77) anytime soon, but his
methods for getting what he wants sure are effective. Jimmy made his exit from
Miami as messy as possible, earning three suspensions in the month of January
alone. But in the end, he got a trade to a contender and a lucrative new
extension. He may not be a [role
model](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8vh2MwXZ6o), but his ruthlessness gets
results.

He has a track record for giving his new team its money’s worth, too. Butler
instantly became the alpha dog upon being dealt to the Wolves and Sixers, and
he willed the Heat to two Finals berths (and nearly a third) over a four-year
span. In Golden State, Butler’s foul-drawing expertise should give the
Warriors’ beautiful basketball the cold, efficient problem-solving it’s lacked
since Kevin Durant walked six years ago. His cerebral, all-around impact and
the attention it draws has already had a tangible effect on Golden State’s
younger role players, and his mere presence has lifted the spirits of the
holdovers from the organization’s heyday.

All of the usual concerns for Butler remain: the possibility for nagging
injuries that turn the day-to-day experience into a game of will he, won’t he
play; a domineering personality that typically wears on certain teammates and
runs counter to Steve Kerr’s woo-woo stylings; an iffy perimeter jumper that
can cause a spacing crunch on offense. But Butler looks motivated and fresh
from his impromptu sabbatical, meaning we could be in for a historic fuck-you
run—only directed at the other 29 teams instead of his own this time. —
_Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

25

Full  
Timeline

1/16

31

2/27

22

3/27

21

4/16

22

6/4

25

Jaren Jackson Jr.  Memphis Grizzlies

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JarenJacksonJr-1728999745610-small.png)

Big

Height 6'11"

Weight 214 lbs

Age 25

Season 6

pts22.259.1 TS%

blk1.54.7 BLK%

3P%37.55.3 3PA/G

reb5.610 REB%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 4 overall, 2018

**Swat machine whose emerging offense** could raise the ceiling of his already
All-Star career.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/shot_blocking.png)Shot Blocking

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloatGame.png)Float
Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

Analysis

A lost season is never welcome, but it can be a golden developmental
opportunity for the healthy players who remain. Want the ball in your hands
more to show off those sidestep pull-ups you’ve been working on with Drew
Hanlen all offseason? Be our guest—we’re not going anywhere anyway.

With injuries up and down the Grizzlies roster last season, Jackson gorged on
offensive possessions—more, in the end, than all but 12 players in the entire
league—and crossed the 20-points-per-game barrier for the first time in his
career as a result. But the role switch wasn’t a mere low-stakes (and low-
efficiency) dalliance: Jackson has successfully merged the more explorative
version of his offensive game with the switchable, shot-blocking menace he’s
been for years now. So while he can still space the floor for Memphis’s
dynamic backcourt scorers and put his head down to attack a mismatch, he can
also fill Ja Morant’s void on short notice and drop 37 points on the road by
scoring from all three levels.

Jackson’s progress is a thrilling, potentially ceiling-raising development.
Morant’s magnetism will always demand top billing, but Jackson has become the
steady, dependable foundation for the Grizzlies’ success. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

26

Full  
Timeline

1/16

19

2/27

21

3/27

25

4/16

27

6/4

26

De'Aaron Fox  San Antonio Spurs

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DeAaronFox-
Spurs-1739547049660-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'3"

Weight 185 lbs

Age 27

Season 7

pts23.556\. TS%

ast6.32.8 TOV/G

3P%316.1 3PA/G

stl1.52 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

1x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 5 overall, 2017

**Pure speed meets pure skill**. One of the best in the league at getting to
his spots, even with the game on the line.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-ClutchGene.png)Clutch
Gene

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
SpeedDemon-1729002756129.png)Speed Demon

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloatGame.png)Float
Game

Analysis

Since becoming a Spur, Fox has delivered in the most crucial way: by
presenting enough of a threat to pull some attention away from Victor
Wembanyama. That alone is enough to change San Antonio’s outlook going forward
once Wemby is cleared for action and Fox heals up following a season-ending
hand injury. A player like Fox just lets the Spurs dream bigger. His
stuttering iso game is a nightmare to guard—every step a reminder of how
easily he could blow past, and every hesitation proof of how quickly he could
slam on the brakes. Yet somehow Fox himself never seems rushed; even when the
clock is right on his back, he eases his way through a possession, secure in
how easily—and _quickly_ —he can generate a clean look.

That poise has turned Fox into one of the NBA’s most deadly crunch-time
creators, as likely to seal a game with a side-step jumper as he is with a
streaking layup. And in his short time playing with Wemby, Fox had even more
of a runway to the rim than usual. Those two alone won’t make the Spurs a
contender, but they’ll string out defenders in all sorts of agonizing ways.
What scheme has answers for Fox blurring to the rim as Wembanyama pops out
beyond the arc? San Antonio’s new star guard may not be a textbook point, but
he forces adjustments and rotation and _panic_. Fox is dangerous enough off
the dribble to make opponents forget, for a moment, about the generational
prospect threatening to change the game as we know it. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

27

Full  
Timeline

1/16

35

2/27

39

3/27

39

4/16

35

6/4

27

Chet Holmgren  Oklahoma City Thunder

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ChetHolmgren-1728924663469-small.png)

Big

Height 7'0"

Weight 195 lbs

Age 23

Season 1

pts1559.9 TS%

3P%37.93.6 3PA/G

reb815.7 REB%

blk2.28.2 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 2 overall, 2022

**The vision of a modern center** : a rangy, versatile big with a lean, low-
maintenance game.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/shot_blocking.png)Shot Blocking

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
RidiculousUpside.png)Ridiculous Upside

Playoff Review

Playoff Holmgren is evolving before our eyes. The second-year big man showed
flashes of explosive play at the rim over the first two rounds, whether it be
five- and four-block nights against the Grizzlies or ferocious lob finishes
caught well above the rim. But he started tapping into his Charizard form at
the conclusion of the West finals, stringing together complete games of both-
ends impact in concert with Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and Jalen Williams. His
[block](https://x.com/MrBuckBuckNBA/status/1927199289475776910) of Jaden
McDaniels should be a terrifying sight for teams hoping to contend in the near
future: With the game still in the balance, Holmgren stuck with the wing, step
for step, as he drove from the perimeter, then anticipated and arrived at his
opponent’s spin move with enough extra time to savor swatting the attempt out
of existence. His teammates earned all of the year-end plaudits this year, but
Holmgren is laying track for his own All-NBA breakout in the not too distant
future. — _Justin Verrier_

Analysis

This season hasn’t exactly gone as planned for Holmgren, who was on an
incredible trajectory before he cracked his pelvis (ugh) in a fall on the
hardwood floor. Now he’s finally back in action, though not quite back in his
fullest, most confident form. It takes time for any player recovering from a
full-contact injury to feel comfortable putting their body on the line again.
Holmgren’s job all but demands it, as he’s often the only thing standing
between the basket and some of the most imposing athletes in the world. OKC
can clearly get by with a variety of looks, but the best version of the team
is still the one backed by its take-no-prisoners shot blocker.

Chet is a foundational player for the Thunder organization, but after missing
so much time this season, he almost feels like a finishing piece. So much of
what he brings to the table rounds out what OKC has been missing. He makes
space, he sets screens, he hits the glass, he walls up the rim. He doesn’t
create many shots for himself just yet, but he really doesn’t have to; when
you play this smart and this hard, the ball finds you. The feel is there. The
shot is there. The handle is coming along, evolving with every passing month.
And most important: Chet is an absolute motherfucker. He may seem mild-
mannered in a press conference, but Holmgren plays like he wants to destroy
whoever is in front of him. Soon enough, he will. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

28

Full  
Timeline

1/16

33

2/27

25

3/27

30

4/16

32

6/4

28

Darius Garland  Cleveland Cavaliers

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DariusGarland-1728927591265-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'1"

Weight 192 lbs

Age 25

Season 5

pts20.660 TS%

ast6.72.5 TOV/G

3P%40.17.1 3PA/G

stl1.21.9 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 5 overall, 2019

**Electric point guard** who masks defensive weaknesses by scoring at all
three levels.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloatGame.png)Float
Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ball_handling.png)Ballhandling

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
FastAndLoose-1697561715605.png)Fast and Loose

Playoff Review

Garland’s bounce-back All-Star season was ruined by a painful toe injury that
sidelined/limited him in the biggest games of the year and was a major reason
the Indiana Pacers eviscerated the Cleveland Cavaliers in Round 2. In that
series, he didn’t have the same zip on or away from the ball and couldn’t
create any separation coming off a screen. Garland made only 28.6 percent of
his 3s after drilling 40.1 percent during the regular season, and his
production waned. It may sound like an overreaction to suggest that Cleveland
should explore different trade scenarios this summer, but considering its
looming financial crunch and every question about Garland’s ability to hold up
on the defensive end throughout a deep playoff run still unanswered, it’s not
that outlandish. — _Michael Pina_

Analysis

In his second All-Star season, Garland has established himself as one of the
league’s most potent offensive weapons. He’s just about impossible to keep out
of the paint, zippy off the bounce, and has a pull-up jumper that forces
whoever’s guarding him to be up closer than they’d prefer to be. Once Garland
blows by his man, he has so many options to generate points for Cleveland:
There’s a lethal floater, a filthy layup package, a soft lob, or a kick out to
any number of knockdown 3-point shooters.

For all the ways Garland’s size is an advantage when he has the ball, it’s a
detriment on the other end. He’s lunch meat against bigger wings and a
desirable matchup for fellow point guards. Those issues aren’t as concerning
in the regular season as they may be in the playoffs, when opponents will go
out of their way to target him. But until then he’ll wreak havoc in myriad
ways, with and without the ball in his hands. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

29

Full  
Timeline

1/16

50

2/27

31

3/27

29

4/16

30

6/4

29

Jamal Murray  Denver Nuggets

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JamalMurray-1728925040506-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'4"

Weight 215 lbs

Age 28

Season 8

pts21.458.4 TS%

3P%39.35.9 3PA/G

ast62.1 TOV/G

stl1.41.8 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 7 overall, 2016

**Iron-willed point guard** with a championship résumé and a worrisome injury
history.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-ClutchGene.png)Clutch
Gene

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloorGeneral.png)Floor
General

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

Playoff Review

Murray had a good playoff run but wasn’t _quite_ good enough in some critical
moments against the Thunder. You can forgive a guard for not playing his best
against the league’s best defense, but Murray has the misfortune of being held
against his own lofty standard. There are only eight players in NBA history
with multiple 50-point playoff games, and Murray is one of them. He’s a
champion, a crunch-time killer, and a running mate to the best player in the
world. With that comes the expectation of being better than good, even when
two of his teammates are injured and the bench can’t seem to hold up its end
of the bargain. It’s a tough break. But it’s not like Murray puts a team on
his back to get them through the regular season; this is his time. When a
player’s primary appeal comes from his ability to perform in the biggest
moments, every letdown gets magnified. _—Rob Mahoney_

Analysis

If there was any doubt: Murray’s still got it. His game can be streaky enough
to make you wonder now and again, but Denver’s firebrand guard is never more
than a few games away from an explosion of shotmaking, the kind that no other
Nugget can muster. Nikola Jokic is Denver’s heartbeat, metronomic in his
production and decision-making. As such, it’s often Murray’s job to—brazenly
and dramatically—put Denver over the top. He’ll dance into pull-up 3s, skate
down the lane into runners, and bail out possessions going nowhere. Murray
just has an uncanny ability to make shit happen. A less adamant player might
clam up when the shots stop falling, but Murray seems largely unfazed by his
misses—sometimes to a fault. Yet Denver gladly lives with that sort of
confidence when it translates so consistently to the game’s biggest moments.

The best version of the Nuggets is one that rides the highs and lows with
Murray. Yet most of the league’s best don’t require their teams to move with
the changing winds of their games. That’s one of the reasons Murray, a minted
champion and a big-time competitor, has yet to be an All-Star. Another reason
is that Murray tends to miss significant time with injuries and then gradually
round his way back into form. That was the story of the first few months of
his season, but the swagger is back. The jumper is hitting. Murray is lighting
up defenses and dropping career-high scoring totals just because he can. The
best of Murray can hang with the best in the sport. And for the Nuggets to
make it out of the West again, he’ll have to prove it. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

30

Full  
Timeline

1/16

34

2/27

35

3/27

26

4/16

25

6/4

30

James Harden  Los Angeles Clippers

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JamesHarden-
new-1732046759070-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 220 lbs

Age 35

Season 15

pts22.858.2 TS%

ast8.74.3 TOV/G

3P%35.28.5 3PA/G

reb5.89.3 REB%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

1x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

7x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 3 overall, 2009

**First-ballot Hall of Famer** who’s adapting to physical restrictions imposed
by Father Time.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PassingVirtuoso.png)Passing Virtuoso

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
LightningRod-1729002743431.png)Lightning Rod

Playoff Review

Another All-NBA regular season ended anticlimactically for Harden, whose Los
Angeles Clippers were eliminated in Round 1 by the Denver Nuggets after he
scored just seven points on eight shots in an embarrassing Game 7. He’s still
very good and was perhaps the most significant reason L.A. overachieved this
season, but Harden’s high turnover rate and inefficient shooting efforts are a
real concern moving forward. He turns 36 in August and has a $36.3 million
player option next season that the Clippers need to figure out. Harden is
clearly entering a different stage in his career, but so long as he’s able to
drill stepback 3s and beat some of the league’s top on-ball defenders off the
bounce, he’ll still be an attractive option for any team that wants to win at
a high level. — _Michael Pina_

Analysis

Harden’s first All-Star season in three years has been a mixed bag: genius-
level passes and a slew of signature stepback 3s hindered by some infuriating
turnovers and the lowest true shooting percentage since his rookie season. But
on a defensive-minded Clippers team that needs someone to handle the ball,
create shots for others, and consistently produce from night to night,
Harden’s ability to eat innings has been necessary.

Whether Harden _deserved_ to make the All-Star team is beside the point. He
draws a ton of attention, is guarded like a superstar, and is a huge reason
Norm Powell and Ivica Zubac are having breakout seasons. Before Kawhi Leonard
returned to L.A.’s rotation, Harden had found a welcome role for this stage of
his Hall of Fame career. Without assuming _too_ much responsibility, he got to
be the unwavering captain who charts the course of his team’s ship each night.
If he can cut down on the turnovers and be a little more accurate in the
paint, the Clippers may go on one of the deepest playoff runs in the
franchise’s history. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

31

Full  
Timeline

1/16

20

2/27

20

3/27

24

4/16

26

6/4

31

Domantas Sabonis  Sacramento Kings

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DomantasSabonis-1728926026332-small.png)

Big

Height 6'11

Weight 241 lbs

Age 29

Season 8

pts19.165.5 TS%

3P%41.72.2 3PA/G

reb13.922.4 REB%

ast62.9 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

2x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 11 overall, 2016

**Rock-solid center** with dominant regular-season statistics but greater
questions about his postseason fit.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/rebounding.png)Rebounding

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PostMoves-1729002751433.png)Post Moves

Analysis

Over the past few seasons, it’s been difficult to parse who deserves credit
for the Kings’ resurgence (such as it is) between Sabonis and De’Aaron Fox.
Sabonis was the bassline that both powered the Kings and held them back, while
Fox was the flourish that could help Sacramento transcend its melody. Perhaps
that characterization was unfair to Sabonis, who continues to gobble rebounds
en route to another stellar season. Sacramento’s center is producing at Wilt
Chamberlain–esque levels, stacking box score stats like only [a
handful](https://stathead.com/basketball/player-season-
finder.cgi?request=1&year_min=1947&display_type=per_g&ccomp%5B1%5D=gt&cval%5B1%5D=20&cstat%5B1%5D=pts_per_g&ccomp%5B2%5D=gt&cval%5B2%5D=12&cstat%5B2%5D=trb_per_g&ccomp%5B3%5D=gt&cval%5B3%5D=6&cstat%5B3%5D=ast_per_g)
of players have in NBA history. Alas, it’s our duty to weigh Sabonis’s
historic contributions against his clear deficiencies. And while Sabonis has
improved his 3-point stroke, it will take longer than half a season before
he’s regarded as a credible threat from beyond the arc. On the other end, his
lack of length and lateral quickness puts a cap on how good the Kings’ defense
can be.

None of this is new. What _is_ new is that the Kings are officially a Sabonis
Team™ now, after trading his longtime costar to San Antonio. DeMar DeRozan and
Zach LaVine will help Sacramento keep pace in the Western play-in race, but
they also just reinforce the long-standing strengths and weaknesses of this
team. Sabonis is good enough that the Kings should be building around him in
the same way that, say, Indiana is building around Tyrese Haliburton. Pair
Sabonis with a rim protector. Mask his defensive limitations and trust that
his size, playmaking, and hoops IQ can make a two-big lineup function. Sabonis
is an undeniable force on a team that isn’t going anywhere meaningful. It’s
time to switch up the bassline, make Sabonis the frontman, and see what
happens. — _Isaac Levy-Rubinett_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

32

Full  
Timeline

1/16

32

2/27

34

3/27

37

4/16

31

6/4

32

Bam Adebayo  Miami Heat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/BamAdebayo-1728926137044-small.png)

Big

Height 6'9"

Weight 255 lbs

Age 27

Season 7

pts18.156.1 TS%

reb9.615.5 REB%

blk0.71.9 BLK%

stl1.31.8 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 14 overall, 2017

**Fierce competitor and defensive dynamo** who’s working to develop an outside
shot to prevent his overall game from plateauing.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

Analysis

It’s not quite right to say Heat Culture lost its avatar when Miami sent Jimmy
Butler to Golden State. Sure, Butler’s bravado and all-world talent elevated
Miami beyond what anyone thought the team was capable of. But Adebayo is and
always was the true embodiment of the organization’s defining ethos. He is
undersized. Resourceful. Ultra-competitive. Talented, of course, but also
limited. Through Butler’s frequent absences and this season’s roiling trade
drama, Adebayo has been the steady drumbeat that animates the Heat.

Once a mid-first-round pick, Bam has done well to turn himself into a three-
time All-Star, a two-time finalist, a perennial Defensive Player of the Year
candidate, and—after the three-year max extension he signed last summer and
the Heat’s subsequent breakup with Butler—the soul of one of the league’s most
glamorous franchises. And yet, Adebayo’s play this season hasn’t risen to meet
the opportunity. Last October, Bam seemed poised for another leap; instead,
Tyler Herro made the All-Star team over him.

Adebayo remains an all-world defender, but his offense—which had somewhat
disappointingly leveled off over the past few years—has taken a step back. His
scoring is down and his efficiency is the lowest of his career. The 3-pointer
just hasn’t materialized, and the instincts that enabled him to thrive as a
playmaking hub in Miami’s motion offense haven’t translated to a larger role.
Apart from the Jimmy trade, the most consequential move of Miami’s season has
been the introduction of rookie Kel’el Ware into the starting lineup, which
shifted Adebayo down to the 4 and coincided with the start of an encouraging
string of strong individual performances. Unfortunately, even with Bam’s
improved play, the Heat are marooned near the bottom of the Eastern playoff
race. If anything, this season has reinforced that there are several avenues
to building a contender around a player as versatile as Adebayo, but it’s also
clearer than ever that he won’t be Miami’s top option. — _Isaac Levy-Rubinett_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

33

Full  
Timeline

1/16

29

2/27

30

3/27

31

4/16

28

6/4

33

Trae Young  Atlanta Hawks

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/TraeYoung-1728924107843-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'1"

Weight 164 lbs

Age 26

Season 6

pts24.256.7 TS%

ast11.64.7 TOV/G

3P%348.4 3PA/G

stl1.21.6 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

1x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 5 overall, 2018

**A divisive lead guard** who should go down as one of the greatest
facilitators of all time.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PassingVirtuoso.png)Passing Virtuoso

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloatGame.png)Float
Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ball_handling.png)Ballhandling

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

Analysis

Young has found himself on the other side of hype. The Hawks’ improbable 2021
Eastern Conference finals run created a mythology around Trae that he wasn’t
equipped to bear. He’s been overrated long enough to now be seen as
significantly _underrated._ Is he a complete offense unto himself? No, not
with his shooting efficiency—but he can be a pretty good place to start. The
long-range flurries keep defenses honest, but despite how he was packaged in
college and early in his NBA career, he’s no Steph Curry. The 3-ball has never
been his be-all and end-all. Young’s particular brand of magic lies in what he
can do as a playmaker with the rock in his hands. He is a genius-level
creator. His ability to manipulate the trajectory of a basketball knows no
bounds. His floaters and lob attempts are homophonic; he can hook a crosscourt
whip pass to land softly into his teammate’s shooting pocket without even
looking. Young has the third-highest career assist average in NBA history,
behind only Magic Johnson and John Stockton.

But after continually hitting a wall in the first round of the playoffs, he’s
trying something different this time around. His usage rate has seen a gradual
decline over the past three seasons—Year 7’s figure is as low as it’s been
since Year 1. He’s working without the ball more often, placing trust in his
teammates to make plays as he shifts the orientation of the defense by drawing
it away from the play. He’s making the most of his limited defensive tools,
inspired by the overall ethic of the team. Last year, Trae was drawing
charges; this year, he’s making smart recoveries and, most importantly, a
concerted effort. Losing Jalen Johnson—a pick-and-roll partner created in a
lab for Young—for the season has left a strangely optimistic Hawks campaign in
limbo, but this new version of Trae presents plenty of intrigue for the
future, whether it’s as the focal point in Atlanta or as a costar on another
production. — _Danny Chau_  

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

34

Full  
Timeline

1/16

17

2/27

24

3/27

28

4/16

29

6/4

34

Ja Morant  Memphis Grizzlies

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JaMorant-1728929090318-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'2"

Weight 174 lbs

Age 25

Season 5

pts23.256.3 TS%

ast7.33.7 TOV/G

reb4.17.1 REB%

stl1.21.9 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

1x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 2 overall, 2019

**Airbending showman looking to resuscitate** his fading star after two
troubled seasons.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
SpeedDemon-1729002756129.png)Speed Demon

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
LightningRod-1729002743431.png)Lightning Rod

Playoff Review

Another postseason was cut short for Morant—this time amid a 15-points-
in-15-minutes breakout that helped the Grizzlies amass a 29-point lead on the
mighty Thunder. A hip injury ultimately kept Ja out of the second half of Game
3 and the entirety of the deciding Game 4, adding yet another short-term
absence to his laundry list this season: Morant missed 33 games over the
regular season and playoffs with 10 different injuries. After three
consecutive years marred by unavailability (injury or
[otherwise](https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/37863825/sources-grizzlies-ja-
morant-suspended-25-games-nba)), the idea of trading Morant no longer feels
sacrosanct, but it’s also terribly complicated: Ja is too good—and too much of
a fan favorite—to give up for nothing less than a clear pathway to another
star, but the repercussions of his reckless play style have become too
concerning to expect that kind of value in return. Running it back may be the
only course of action, save for maybe asking Morant to play in football pads.
— _Justin Verrier_

Analysis

We’re working on getting the rights to “Come Fly With Me” to backtrack this
blurb. Because despite his best efforts to [safeguard his
game](https://www.cbssports.com/nba/news/grizzlies-ja-morant-says-hes-not-
trying-to-dunk-at-all-after-alley-oop-attempt-led-to-injury/), Morant is back
in the clouds, damn near turning his body into ribbon to score over players
twice his size. After two troubled seasons, Ja has reclaimed his title as the
NBA’s personal highlight producer and has helped reinvigorate the Grizzlies
after an injury-decimated 2023-24 season in the process. He’s a blur with the
ball in his hands, and even though he sometimes gives up 100 pounds to the
bigs parked at the rim, his ability to literally float allows him to outleap
or outlast any shot blocker in midair, finish over the top, and draw contact.
He’s so thrilling, his highlight reels have
[subgenres](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NaZNc3zaRiE).

It’s just becoming difficult to know whether he’ll take the stage on any given
night. Morant has already missed too many games to be eligible for postseason
awards, and while he hasn’t suffered any injury on the level of last year’s
season-ending labral tear, his medical chart is nearly as long as his games
log: In addition to sitting out most of November due to a hard fall on his
hip, Morant has been sidelined this season by a knee bruise, a sprained
shoulder, shoulder soreness, thigh soreness, foot soreness, back soreness,
hamstring soreness, and an illness. He’s still the face of the franchise in
Memphis and the accelerant its offense needs to contend at the highest levels,
but it’s hard to see him reclaiming his throne as basketball’s next big thing
if he isn’t playing basketball with any consistency. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

35

Full  
Timeline

1/16

75

2/27

64

3/27

52

4/16

39

6/4

35

Ivica Zubac  Los Angeles Clippers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/IvicaZubac-
new-1733883049642-small.png)

Big

Height 7'0"

Weight 240 lbs

Age 28

Season 8

pts16.864.1 TS%

reb12.621.8 REB%

blk1.13.4 BLK%

stl0.71 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 32 overall, 2016

**Big ol’ boy leveraging his rare combination** of size and touch to play
bigger than ever before.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/rebounding.png)Rebounding

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

Analysis

Zubac isn’t breaking any molds. You won’t see him stepping out to the 3-point
line or switching 1 to 5 on defense. In fact, he’s made just one 3 in his
career and tried only a handful more. But he is big, and surprisingly nimble
for his size. He can punish a smaller defender on a switch and finish when
James Harden feeds him at the basket, and with the Clippers dispersing shot
attempts more freely with Paul George gone (and Kawhi Leonard usually out),
he’s become one of the league’s most productive post-up scorers.

He plays big on the other end, too: He [ranked
first](https://www.nba.com/stats/players/defensive-
impact?CF=DEF_RIM_FGA*GE*100&PerMode=Totals&SeasonType=Regular%20Season&dir=A&sort=DEF_RIM_FG_PCT)
out of 263 players who defended at least 100 shots at the rim last season,
holding opponents to a mere 49.6 percent accuracy on those attempts. And this
season, his stoutness at the basket and dominance on the boards have helped
turn the Clippers into one of the best defensive units in basketball. He might
not be a multidimensional game breaker, but his one dimension has a major
impact. _—Zach Kram and Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

36

Full  
Timeline

1/16

37

2/27

36

3/27

36

4/16

37

6/4

36

Alperen Sengun  Houston Rockets

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AlperenSengun-1728929168424-small.png)

Big

Height 6'9"

Weight 235 lbs

Age 22

Season 3

pts19.154.5 TS%

reb10.317.5 REB%

blk0.82.3 BLK%

3P%23.31.2 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 16 overall, 2021

**Passing warlock with Rumble Pak physicality** whose development arrow keeps
pointing up.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PassingVirtuoso.png)Passing Virtuoso

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PostMoves-1729002751433.png)Post Moves

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/rebounding.png)Rebounding

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
RidiculousUpside.png)Ridiculous Upside

Playoff Review

Sengun’s postseason is representative of the crossroads the Rockets find
themselves at this offseason. At times, the 22-year-old looked the part of an
All-Star, teaming with Steven Adams to punish the undersized Warriors in the
paint. But he ultimately didn’t have the scoring juice to pull off the series
comeback, missing some point-blank buckets and finishing with a paltry 49.1
true shooting percentage across the seven games. Having reliable shooters
around him would’ve helped, but until Sengun’s own shooting touch takes a
leap, he is probably best suited to be the guy next to The Guy—or perhaps even
expendable in order to get a surefire no. 1 option in the door. The fourth-
year big man has made immense progress over his career, particularly on
defense, but like most of the intriguing, young players across Houston’s
roster, he needs to play off of a true franchise pillar to click into his
ideal form. — _Justin Verrier_

Analysis

The Jokic comps may always follow Sengun—even [he knows
that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgIMcC9Etgw). But the Turkish center has
proved with back-to-back standout seasons that he isn’t cosplaying as the
Joker. There are definite similarities, to be sure: Sengun’s combination of
brute force and passing flair, as well as his slow-unfurling jumper, bears an
uncanny resemblance to the three-time MVP. But he’s more of a blend of
Jokician feel for the game and a workaday big man. So while you’ll often see
Sengun turn his back to the basket and either Dwight Freeney spin his way to
the rim or hit a streaking cutter from an impossible passing angle, he’s also
a regular target as a roll man and shifty enough with the ball in his hands to
take a lumbering defender off the dribble and—get this—actually dunk it.

Defense has long been the main hurdle—while the young big man effectively
leveraged his naturally quick hands, sharp read of the game, and physical
rebounding under coach Ime Udoka, he largely relied on the Rockets’ hounding
perimeter defenders even in the best of times last season. But Sengun has made
major strides in his fourth season by playing more as a roamer, and Houston’s
overall defense has taken a leap, from very good to elite, as a result.

Sengun’s ultimate ceiling is a matter of debate; his outside shot is virtually
nonexistent, and he isn’t an elite finisher at the rim. But he’s one of the
most exhilarating creators in the game, and he’s shown this season that he can
ply his offensive wizardry in a winning context. Can the Rockets make the same
leap the Nuggets ultimately did with Alpy, and not a historically great point
center, as their fulcrum? We’ll see. For now, a 22-year-old All-Star powering
one of the best teams in the West will suffice. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

37

Full  
Timeline

1/16

23

2/27

28

3/27

34

4/16

36

6/4

37

Franz Wagner  Orlando Magic

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/FranzWagner-1728925488990-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'10"

Weight 220 lbs

Age 23

Season 3

pts24.255.8 TS%

3P%29.55.9 3PA/G

ast4.72.3 TOV/G

stl1.31.9 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 8 overall, 2021

**Natural, well-rounded creator** who never shies away from a challenge.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ball_handling.png)Ballhandling

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

Analysis

If this strange, turbulent Magic season has taught us anything, it’s that
Wagner is a star. Neither busted spacing nor rampant injuries could stop him
from galloping his way to the rim. Franz has always been effective in bursts,
but the extended absence of Paolo Banchero earlier this season forced him to
take on more—to be the alpha and omega of Orlando’s offense, a creative engine
who couldn’t afford to have an off night. It took time for Wagner to get up to
speed with the demands of that role, but once he did, he began peeling back
new layers in an already exciting skill set. Wagner’s own extended absence
with a torn oblique (the same injury that sidelined Banchero, oddly enough)
only delayed his rise. Franz is back at it, and his game booms with newfound
creativity.

As it turns out, it’s pretty hard to stop a 6-foot-10 wing who can handle the
ball and welcomes contact. Wagner may not make the perfect read on every
drive, but he’s evolving in the way he sees the game—and even in the way he
manipulates it. You could make the argument that Wagner is already the best
option to run the Magic offense, which is quite the compliment (and quite the
luxury) considering he plays alongside Banchero. And who knows where Franz’s
game might be a year from now? Whenever Orlando has given him more
responsibility, Wagner has responded. That’s what makes his trajectory so
fascinating. He can play on or off the ball, he can defend across positions,
and, so far, he can be everything the Magic need him to be. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

38

Full  
Timeline

1/16

40

2/27

42

3/27

40

4/16

41

6/4

38

Derrick White  Boston Celtics

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DerrickWhite-1728925572065-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'4"

Weight 190 lbs

Age 30

Season 7

pts16.460.6 TS%

3P%38.49.1 3PA/G

blk1.12.9 BLK%

ast4.81.7 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 29 overall, 2017

**Everyone’s favorite teammate**. Sniffs out winning plays, binds a lineup
together, and doesn’t take a single thing off the table.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloatGame.png)Float
Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/shot_blocking.png)Shot Blocking

Analysis

There are plenty of versatile players in the modern NBA, but far fewer who
know exactly what to do with all that honed-in-the-lab skill. White is
different. His greatest strength is his impeccable court sense, which allows
him to shift by the second from initiating the offense as a lead guard to
working as a cutter or a screener or a knockdown shooter. Just don’t mistake
him for a purely supporting part; when the situation presents itself, White
can and will take over, delivering the sort of big-time shotmaking typically
reserved for the All-Star class. That’s because White _is_ a star—as valuable
as guards who put up flashier numbers in bulk, in part because he knows he
doesn’t have to.

There’s an agreeable quality to the way White plays but also a tremendous
confidence in it. He knows he doesn’t need the ball in his hands to make a
difference—and the Celtics know it, too. There probably wouldn’t be an 18th
banner in Boston without White’s Swiss Army knife contributions, as vital as
they are varied. You don’t need to define a role for White. You just throw him
out on the floor and let him find his level. It’s an expression of trust, and
White has more than earned it. He’s a champion now. A gold medalist. The kind
of player coaches love, opponents rave about, and superstars rely on. Calling
him one of the league’s best defensive guards is almost too limiting, seeing
as he might be the best shot blocker for his size in the history of the sport.
Whatever it takes, White delivers. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

39

Full  
Timeline

1/16

30

2/27

33

3/27

38

4/16

40

6/4

39

Tyrese Maxey  Philadelphia 76ers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/TyreseMaxey-
new-1732046829648-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'2"

Weight 200 lbs

Age 24

Season 4

pts26.356.2 TS%

3P%33.79.2 3PA/G

ast6.12.4 TOV/G

stl1.82.3 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 21 overall, 2020

**Bullet train–fast guard** trying to make the leap from spark plug to star.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
SpeedDemon-1729002756129.png)Speed Demon

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloatGame.png)Float
Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
MovementShooter-1697561750599.png)Movement Shooter

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
RidiculousUpside.png)Ridiculous Upside

Analysis

Maxey has juice. He doesn’t run so much as he zips around the court, like an
electric car, and he covers ground in an instant—whether he’s pushing in
transition, relocating off a pass, or dusting his defender on the perimeter.
He’s a good shooter, despite subpar percentages this season, with a stepback
so sharp it can [cut glass](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F0O-UgYK70k) and
range that extends by the year. His playmaking also took a major jump last
season without James Harden around to dominate the ball and has remained at
that level thanks to a new [unobstructed
view](https://x.com/DerekBodnerNBA/status/1841537758462112133). And he does it
all with the positive spirit and infectious energy of your team’s favorite
role player.

Yet what was supposed to be Maxey’s coming-out party, the season in which he
completed the leap from energy bench scorer to superstardom, was derailed by a
truly calamitous set of circumstances in Philly. Maxey was not the
problem—before a finger injury in early March torpedoed the end of his season,
he was the only one of the Sixers’ purported Big Three to play with any
modicum of consistency. (He even managed to put his quick hands to use on
defense this season, becoming one of the league’s top stealsmen.) But playing
without Joel Embiid put a spotlight on some of the diminutive guard’s physical
limitations and perhaps recalibrated his ceiling—to the guy that needs to play
off The Guy rather than The Guy himself. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

40

Full  
Timeline

1/16

45

2/27

56

3/27

60

4/16

48

6/4

40

OG Anunoby  New York Knicks

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/OGAnunoby-1728927132532-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'7"

Weight 231 lbs

Age 27

Season 7

pts1859.1 TS%

stl1.52 STL%

3P%37.26.2 3PA/G

reb4.87.6 REB%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 23 overall, 2017

**All-Defensive team candidate** who fits everywhere, especially on his
current team.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

Analysis

Anunoby has spent most of this season as an indispensable, overlooked wing who
guards all five positions, hits open shots, and does a fantastic job taking
advantage of chaotic situations as one of New York’s leaders in [points off
turnovers and fast-break
points](https://www.nba.com/stats/players/misc?TeamID=1610612752&dir=A&sort=PTS_OFF_TOV).
With a pair of All-Star teammates who are both negative defenders, New York is
desperate for everything Anunoby provides on that end. He fills holes and
solves problems without having to touch the ball, a thankless game-changer who
can’t be replaced.

There are limitations, of course. Anunoby has never been much of a shot
creator, and his lacking in-between game dead-ends offensive possessions when
defenders run him off the 3-point line. But those issues are almost irrelevant
compared to everything he adds to the league’s most-played starting lineup. —
_Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

41

Full  
Timeline

1/16

73

2/27

62

3/27

61

4/16

49

6/4

41

Amen Thompson  Houston Rockets

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AmenThompson-1732046236820-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'7"

Weight 209 lbs

Age 22

Season 1

pts14.160.2 TS%

stl1.42.1 STL%

reb8.213.5 REB%

blk1.33.6 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 4 overall, 2023

**Apositional wonder** regularly challenging the laws of space and time.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/athleticism.png)Athleticism

Playoff Review

Thompson found ways to make a playoff impact, but the catch with his unusual
game is just that: He has to find a way. Without the ability to generate
offense for himself in half-court situations or the kind of jumper that would
make him a threat off the ball, Thompson is constantly searching for his
opportunities. He’s active and savvy in doing so, but there’s no way around
the fact that so much of Thompson’s game feels like _work_ —sprinting in at
just the right moment to make the kinds of plays that few players can. His
trajectory in the league will depend on how much of the game he can make
easier on himself. The All-Universe defense is already there. The athleticism
and timing are unimpeachable. Now, the mind-bending prospect just needs to
nail down some of the basics. _—Rob Mahoney_

Analysis

The league is as athletic as it’s ever been, packed to the brim with the kinds
of explosive leapers and quick-twitch drivers who can make the impossible look
routine. And then there’s Thompson—streaking past those very athletes on the
break, soaring over them for rebounds, and disrupting their attempts to even
keep a live dribble. The second-year anomaly doesn’t always know what to do
with all that burst, but watching him guess and check is a revelation.
Thompson doesn’t have an exact position. He can’t create much one-on-one just
yet. He might be the worst jump shooter on this entire list. Yet Ime Udoka
can’t keep him off the floor because whenever Thompson plays, the energy of
the game completely changes.

Some of the ambiguities with Thompson will sort themselves out in time. Yet
there are things he does that could never be taught, and that no coach,
frankly, would even think to instruct. You don’t tell a player how to outrun
everyone on the floor to blow up a play in progress. You just encourage him to
hustle back into the mix and hope for the best. Thompson takes those hopes and
turns them into highlights. He channels raw effort and pure savvy into winning
plays. His nose for the ball is a talent in itself—as notable as the
playmaking of an elite point guard prospect or the shooting stroke of a
designated scorer. Thompson seeks and destroys. Just ask any opponent with the
misfortune of being his assignment. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

42

Full  
Timeline

1/16

60

2/27

57

3/27

51

4/16

54

6/4

42

Aaron Gordon  Denver Nuggets

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AaronGordon-1728929332867-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'9"

Weight 220 lbs

Age 29

Season 10

pts14.765 TS%

reb4.89.4 REB%

blk0.30.9 BLK%

3P%43.63.4 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 4 overall, 2014

**The versatile, physical defender and finisher** that every superstar
teammate dreams of.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

Playoff Review

A retelling of this postseason wouldn’t be complete without Gordon’s buzzer-
beating heroics. The guy they call Mr. Nugget saved Denver’s bacon not once
but twice with crucial late buckets: a transition 3 to steal Game 1 against
the Thunder and an unintentional alley-oop dunk with a millisecond left to
take Game 4 from the Clippers. In the end, Gordon was forced to hobble through
a Game 7 loss in OKC after suffering his third muscle strain of the season,
though he still somehow corralled 11 rebounds on one leg. He may not be an
[All-Star](https://x.com/owenlhjphillips/status/1927181262885720191), but he’s
becoming one of the best playoff performers in the game, a Robert Horry for a
new generation. — _Justin Verrier_

Analysis

Some players spend their entire careers searching for the right fit. For a
long while, Gordon seemed like he might be one of them. In Orlando, the former
no. 4 pick was either fighting for minutes at the 4 on rosters teeming with
frontcourt options or overburdened on teams lacking the requisite offensive
pop. As a result, Gordon became a trade machine All-Star—the kind of player
fans hoped and prayed would one day be able to ply his trade in a situation
that didn’t need him to be anything more than he was.

But in Denver, Gordon found a forever home, and in Nikola Jokic, his
basketball soulmate. All of the best parts of Gordon’s game have been
highlighted in three-plus seasons with the Nuggets: He’s a physical, mobile
defender who can course correct ball handlers with brute force or hold his
ground against big men, and his intuition and timing have turned him into one
of the game’s best cutters and finishers. When they play the highlight reel of
the Nuggets’ 2023 title run, you’ll see Jokic, with the clock winding down,
passing out of a double-team to a streaking Gordon for a thunderous dunk, over
and over and over. It remains one of basketball’s most powerful combinations.

Gordon’s 2024-25 season has been dogged by injuries—he missed nearly half of
the Nuggets’ games because of a persistent calf strain—but his career-high
3-point shooting has been a boon for a team that chooses its perimeter
attempts wisely, and his all-around impact has been a Band-Aid for a
perpetually shaky bench unit. Gordon’s raw stat lines will never knock your
socks off, but his [overall
impact](https://www.nba.com/stats/team/1610612743/onoffcourt-
advanced?dir=A&sort=NET_RATING) this season rates just behind that of Jokic, a
three-time MVP playing his best basketball to date. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

43

Full  
Timeline

1/16

27

2/27

29

3/27

33

4/16

33

6/4

43

Damian Lillard  Milwaukee Bucks

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DamianLillard-1728928022374-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'2"

Weight 195 lbs

Age 34

Season 12

pts24.962.1 TS%

3P%37.69 3PA/G

ast7.12.8 TOV/G

stl1.21.6 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

7x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 6 overall, 2012

**Volcanic shooter** whose defensive limitations are on full display every
night.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-ClutchGene.png)Clutch
Gene

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloorGeneral.png)Floor
General

Playoff Review

Milwaukee’s decision to trade for Lillard was desperate and understandable.
The Bucks have won zero playoff series since it happened, though; when Lillard
ruptured his Achilles tendon five days after his return from a deep vein
thrombosis diagnosis that sidelined him for a month, that trade became a
catastrophe with unknowable ripple effects. This is a basketball tragedy. It’s
also an era-squashing dilemma for the Bucks and their greatest player, Giannis
Antetokounmpo. Lillard is owed about $112.6 million over the next two years,
killing any chance for Milwaukee to get its roster back to a level where
championship goals aren’t soaked in delusion. For Dame, who turns 35 in July,
the odds are stacked against his ability to ever again resemble the awesome
scorer he was for so many years. Hopefully, somehow, he can. — _Michael Pina_

Analysis

Before his second season with the Bucks was derailed by a blood clot in his
right calf, Lillard showed how awesome he can still be as an overqualified
sidekick to Giannis Antetokounmpo.

There were signs of age (such as the drop in shots at the rim and rise of long
2s), but he’s still a high-voltage All-Star whose threat to pull up as soon as
he crosses half court can short-circuit even the most disciplined defenses.
Averaging over 25 points and seven assists for most of this season while
establishing a fruitful pick-and-roll partnership with Antetokounmpo, he ranks
in the top 10 for offensive estimated plus-minus.

On the other side of the ball, Dame’s impact devolves into an obstacle.
Lillard has one of the lowest defensive estimated plus-minus rankings among
high-usage guards, and those shortcomings have a trickle-down effect that
undermines so much of what makes him special. In the regular season, Lillard’s
pros outweigh his cons. The playoffs often tell a different story.
Unfortunately, we might have to wait a year to see him on that stage.

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

44

Full  
Timeline

1/16

24

2/27

23

3/27

32

4/16

34

6/4

44

Kyrie Irving  Dallas Mavericks

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KyrieIrving-1728927928732-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'2"

Weight 190 lbs

Age 33

Season 13

pts24.759.4 TS%

3P%40.17.2 3PA/G

ast4.62.2 TOV/G

stl1.31.8 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

3x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 1 overall, 2011

**Eye-popping ball handler** with more two-way responsibility than he may be
able to manage.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-ClutchGene.png)Clutch
Gene

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

Analysis

Dallas’s shocking decision to trade Luka Doncic created cause for concern all
the way around, including thrusting so much responsibility onto Irving, a
guard in his early 30s who regularly battles nagging injuries. Then, somewhat
predictably, he tore his ACL.

Irving’s value to the Mavericks quintupled after Doncic left. With a roster
originally built to support him, as well as Doncic’s on-ball brilliance, his
ability to create shots for himself and others suddenly became a priceless
commodity. To his credit, Irving proved he was one of the most electric
scorers in the wake of the Luka trade, going for 30-plus in six of the 11
games he appeared in. Tough shots are Kyrie’s bread and butter.  If and when
the possible free agent returns to Dallas, he’ll have no choice but to keep
making them. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

45

Full  
Timeline

1/16

46

2/27

40

3/27

35

4/16

42

6/4

45

Zion Williamson  New Orleans Pelicans

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ZionWilliamson-1728924002127-small.png)

Big

Height 6'6"

Weight 284 lbs

Age 24

Season 4

pts24.660 TS%

reb7.213.6 REB%

ast5.33 TOV/G

stl1.22.1 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 1 overall, 2019

**A singular embodiment** of power, agility, and skill—at a career-defining
crossroads.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/nbadraft20-setB-
color4-06-v1.png)Interior Scoring

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ball_handling.png)Ballhandling

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

Analysis

Since returning from a hamstring injury that kept him sidelined for nearly two
months, Williamson has been … otherworldly? The buoyancy is back in Zion’s
play. The brute strength, the speed-skater driving angles, the vision and
creativity off the dribble, the force majeure defensive playmaking. It’s all
back. Even with his time on the court restricted, he’s damn close to averaging
a point per minute played. His assist rate bests that of Tyrese Haliburton,
his steal rate mirrors Chris Paul’s, and he has the block rate of Jarrett
Allen and the usage rate of Giannis Antetokounmpo—all career-high marks. This
brief glimmer of brilliance has highlighted the best version of Williamson
we’ve seen since his year at Duke.

But—there’s always a but—for how much longer? Are the Pelicans still committed
to building a team around him, or, with a potential high lottery pick on the
horizon, will the offseason be a time to start anew and trade Zion while his
value is at its peak? New Orleans may be lottery bound, but Williamson can’t
afford any more lost seasons. Every game is another lunge toward consistency.
Zion is playing to prove to the league—and to himself—that he’s back to being
the game-breaking agent he was always meant to be. We’re all watching with
great interest. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

46

Full  
Timeline

1/16

47

2/27

43

3/27

42

4/16

43

6/4

46

Scottie Barnes  Toronto Raptors

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ScottieBarnes-1728920416619-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'8"

Weight 225 lbs

Age 23

Season 3

pts19.352.3 TS%

reb7.712.6 REB%

ast5.82.8 TOV/G

blk12.8 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 4 overall, 2021

**A veritable Bulk Barn of talent** , still searching for his unique formula
for stardom.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PassingVirtuoso.png)Passing Virtuoso

Analysis

Are we any closer to understanding Barnes’s ultimate trajectory? Depends on
whom you ask and when. Barnes has tried out just about every hat there is in
the Raptors rotation—some have fit better than
[others](https://hoopshype.com/gallery/look-scottie-barnes-in-a-cowboy-hat-
and-other-pictures-of-the-day-in-the-nba/). He tried his hand at being a
volume 3-point shooter (not great), then leaned into the efficacy of a short-
distance turnaround fade (much better). But will that middy get in the way of
his forays to the rim? Is he better optimized as a pick-and-roll initiator or
as the screener? Will the new addition of Brandon Ingram impede Barnes’s
growth or streamline it? These are questions without concrete answers. It
might take another season for any real clarity and resolution.  

Players of Scottie’s ilk coalesce into a system rather than dictate it
outright—Toronto’s revolving door of injuries has made well-worn chemistry
hard to come by, a real impediment for a player with the kind of vision,
selflessness, and anticipatory talent that Barnes possesses. This may not be
the ideal circumstance for Barnes to show out, but even in a down shooting
year, he has put together a season that shows his promise as a star: His stat
line wouldn’t look out of place compared to _another_ Scottie’s. We’re all
still waiting to get a better sense of what Barnes is meant to be for these
Raptors. Once again, with the team in a state of limbo between outright
tanking and buy-low talent acquisition, we might not be getting any answers
until next season. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

47

Full  
Timeline

1/16

56

2/27

51

3/27

46

4/16

46

6/4

47

Desmond Bane  Orlando Magic

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DesmondBane-1728927301222-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 216 lbs

Age 26

Season 4

pts19.260 TS%

3P%39.26.1 3PA/G

ast5.32.4 TOV/G

stl1.21.7 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 30 overall, 2020

**Reliable second option** who does all the little things with elite 3-point
range.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
MovementShooter-1697561750599.png)Movement Shooter

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

Analysis

As the minutes leader on one of the NBA’s best teams, Bane has spent this
season showing all the different ways he can impact winning even beyond his
trusty 3-point shot. He rebounds, makes plays out of the pick-and-roll,
leverages his gravity with constant motion, sets screens, guards up a
position, and, above all else, never stops putting pressure on the defense.

Bane relentlessly attacks downhill, happy to drive past closeouts designed to
run him off the 3-point line. In the open floor, he’s integral to the
Grizzlies’ breakneck pace while keeping them from spiraling out of control.
Bane is a sound decision maker who can score from just about anywhere. The
days of talking him up as a member of the NBA’s most potent backcourt feel
like a distant memory, but Bane is still evolving, sacrificing, and generating
quality offense with a demeanor that’s appreciated by everyone around him. His
individual numbers may not pop off the page, but there’s no doubt the other
team feels every second he is on the court. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

48

Full  
Timeline

1/16

42

2/27

45

3/27

44

4/16

52

6/4

48

Jalen Johnson  Atlanta Hawks

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JalenJohnson-1728928730105-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'9"

Weight 220 lbs

Age 23

Season 3

pts18.956.9 TS%

reb1015.3 REB%

ast52.9 TOV/G

blk12.6 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 20 overall, 2021

**Versatile, selfless, incredibly athletic** , and über-valuable two-way
forward.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/athleticism.png)Athleticism

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
RidiculousUpside.png)Ridiculous Upside

Analysis

Before shoulder surgery ended Johnson’s season in January, his consistent
string of impressive performances signaled great things on the horizon. The
do-it-all 23-year-old was on the verge of making his first All-Star game,
flexing influence in just about every area of the game with a robust skill set
that complements just about any kind of teammate. Johnson can _really_ pass.
He’s capable as a spot-up shooter, runs fast breaks, lives above the rim,
rebounds everything in sight, and holds his own guarding multiple positions.

Very few young stars check off so many boxes without taking anything
substantial off the table. Johnson balances a selfless approach with the type
of athleticism that allows him to take over games. He’s one to watch, as more
and more responsibility gets shoveled onto his plate. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

49

Full  
Timeline

1/16

25

2/27

37

3/27

43

4/16

47

6/4

49

LaMelo Ball  Charlotte Hornets

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/LameloBall-1728920152693-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'7"

Weight 181 lbs

Age 23

Season 4

pts25.253.6 TS%

3P%33.911.2 3PA/G

ast7.43.6 TOV/G

stl1.11.8 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 3 overall, 2020

**One of the most wildly imaginative point guards** the NBA has ever
seen—cursed with the ankles of 2011 Steph Curry.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
GalaxyBrain02.png)Galaxy Brain

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PassingVirtuoso.png)Passing Virtuoso

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

Analysis

This entire site was built on the bedrock of ideas like the “ _good stats, bad
team_ ” __ star, and Ball has become the patron saint of that archetype. He
has taken the idea to its very limit. His season averages in points, rebounds,
and assists can be met by only nine other players in NBA history. He averages
more 3-point attempts per game than the entire 2010-11 Grit and Grind Memphis
Grizzlies. The audacity of his passes can make you question reality at times:
If he launches the ball from the right side to let it ricochet off the
backboard and land squarely in the hands of a teammate at the rim on the left
side, is that a perfect pass? Is it an intuitive sense of physics? Is it
magic? Or is it the absence of shame? The remarkable highlights, the historic
numbers—they inspire more questions than answers.

LaMelo’s ranking, then, feels immaterial. His talent is gleaming and
irrepressible. His style—loping strides, nonchalant one-legged recliner 3s—is
immediately recognizable. But more than anything, what LaMelo needs is a more
stable context. Ball has only once played more than 51 games in a season; what
if his ankles could hold up to the immense pressure he applies? His stats
suggest a perennial All-Star and All-NBA candidate; how might perceptions of
him change if, like Devin Booker, his perennially losing team were suddenly
built into a contender? LaMelo plays without fear of consequences because, to
date, the stakes just haven’t been that high. It’s a nightly acid trip with
LaMelo, but we’re still waiting for that moment of clarity. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

50

Full  
Timeline

1/16

55

2/27

63

3/27

55

4/16

50

6/4

50

Draymond Green  Golden State Warriors

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DraymondGreen-1728999592664-small.png)

Big

Height 6'6"

Weight 230 lbs

Age 35

Season 12

pts953.4 TS%

ast5.62.6 TOV/G

reb6.111.2 REB%

blk13.4 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

4x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

2x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 35 overall, 2012

**Game-wrecking defender** and fiery competitor in a constant battle to
harness his edge for good.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
LightningRod-1729002743431.png)Lightning Rod

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PodcastBro-1697561821616.png)Podcast Bro

Analysis

It might get lost among the many feuds, provocative podcast commentaries, and
flailing limbs that just so happen to slug an opponent in the jaw, but Green
is still pretty damn good at basketball. He finds answers for opposing
offenses like he’s AI, and he has the force, long limbs, quick hands, and foot
speed to blow up the play. He leverages that high IQ to spark the Warriors
offense, too, flying around the perimeter to spring Steph Curry free with
screens and handoffs. Green hasn’t averaged double-digit points since LeBron
was on the Cavs (the second time), and his spotty jumper can complicate the
lineup math, but he can still anchor a defense and create all sorts of
advantages just by reading the game. There’s a reason why the Warriors put up
with all the mess.

But about that mess. Green was suspended 12 games last season for striking
Jusuf Nurkic, and while he hasn’t been hit with a suspension in 2024-25, he
hasn’t exactly been [Gandhi
either](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RyBkF4_RCQ). The fiery
competitiveness that powers some of Green’s best on-court attributes may
always be liable to spin out of control. The question is whether the balance
between competitive edge and actual violence that Green has been able to
strike for most of his career will become harder and harder as he ages deeper
into his 30s and his body doesn’t move as fast as his brain. Green’s role as
the defensive counterbalance to Steph feels more essential to his on-court
identity than ever before, but if the spacing begins to cramp more with Jimmy
Butler involved, his contract might become the obvious target to move in order
to give Curry the best shot at contending in his twilight. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

51

Full  
Timeline

1/16

53

2/27

44

3/27

45

4/16

45

6/4

51

Tyler Herro  Miami Heat

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/TylerHerro-
new-1733882995784-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 195 lbs

Age 25

Season 5

pts23.960.5 TS%

3P%37.58.7 3PA/G

reb5.28.1 REB%

ast5.52.6 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 13 overall, 2019

**Hot-shot scoring guard** coming into his own.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
MovementShooter-1697561750599.png)Movement Shooter

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ball_handling.png)Ballhandling

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloatGame.png)Float
Game

Playoff Review

The first All-Star season of Herro’s career ended in a bit of a reality check.
For all he showed this season as a fill-in first option, any offense leaning
on Herro as a primary creator can only go so far—and for the Heat, that meant
getting flattened by a Cavs team with a lot more talent and a lot more in the
tank. It’s not Herro’s fault that the roster around him is so wanting for
offense. But Miami’s fleeting playoff exercise drove home how far the Heat
still have to go and how wide the gulf is between All-Star and superstar.
_—Rob Mahoney_

Analysis

A younger, brasher Herro would jump at the first decent look that presented
itself. But part of growing up is learning to put away childish things, even
if they’re the tried-and-true midrange jumpers that helped Herro make a name
for himself. The only way to actually run an offense is to play a longer, more
patient game. Herro’s prudence is finally catching up to his moxie. He’s
always had a sense of the moment, but a more efficient style has propelled the
25-year-old guard to career-best marks across the board and the first All-Star
nod of his career.

What a transformation. By cleaning up his approach, Herro has turned himself
into one of the league’s more reliable creators in the pick-and-roll—an
honest-to-goodness playmaker who keeps opponents off balance. A cleaned-up
shot profile hasn’t made Herro any more predictable; even though Herro is
dialing up 3s for higher returns this season, he’s also driving headlong to
the rim more often. There’s a time and place for dancing with the ball, but
sometimes attacking in a straight line will do just fine. Herro is striking a
better balance this season, the best thing going in a Heat offense still
trying to find its way. It’s fair to wonder how far Herro can take a team as
its first option. That premise, however, feels so much more reasonable than it
once did, all because Herro changed his game to make it so. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

52

Full  
Timeline

1/16

62

2/27

78

3/27

80

4/16

74

6/4

52

Julius Randle  Minnesota Timberwolves

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JuliusRandle-
new-1733883165802-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'8"

Weight 250 lbs

Age 30

Season 10

pts18.759.3 TS%

reb7.112.1 REB%

3P%34.44.6 3PA/G

ast4.72.8 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

2x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 7 overall, 2014

**Divisive, ever-productive forward** with a lot to prove in the playoffs.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/rebounding.png)Rebounding

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PostMoves-1729002751433.png)Post Moves

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
FastAndLoose-1697561715605.png)Fast and Loose

Playoff Review

Nothing with Randle can ever be straightforward, as evidenced by the fact that
he followed up some of the greatest playoff performances of his career by
perfectly showcasing his limitations. Appreciating Randle means accepting it
all: The same player who bulldozed his way through the Warriors stepped into
every trap laid by the Thunder. This summer, Minnesota will have to assign a
financial value to that conundrum. Randle can (and likely will) decline his
player option to become a free agent, setting him up for a potentially
lucrative deal. But how do you even begin to assess the value of a moving
target? Randle is the reason why the Wolves made it to the Western Conference
finals, yet he’s also part of the reason they couldn’t proceed any further.
The give-and-take is Randle in a nutshell—and a fascinating dilemma for a
Minnesota team looking to advance. _—Rob Mahoney_

Analysis

You’re never going to believe this, but Randle has had a productive,
compelling, and ultimately confusing start to his Timberwolves career. There
have been games when Randle was one of the best things Minnesota’s had going:
a hard-charging creator at times when his teammates were coasting. And, of
course, there have been other games when the particulars of Randle’s fit have
made the entire operation more complicated. He completely checks out of some
possessions but makes others. He’s both so versatile that he opens up new
lineup possibilities and such an odd fit that he takes other combinations off
the table.

Historically, the burly forward has played his best when the heat is turned
down—when bulldozing his way into advantages isn’t the only viable option.
Randle needs to be part of an ensemble. The catch, of course, is that he often
tries to operate like a superstar anyway—even in the games where he doesn’t
exactly perform like one. Randle isn’t the most natural roll man or even a
passable spot-up shooter, stoking a debate over his value by first raising one
about his role. We know that there are very few players in the game today who
can score, dish, and rebound at the levels Randle can. More elusive is what
those contributions actually mean, particularly to a Minnesota team trying to
work its way into the contending mix. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

53

Full  
Timeline

1/16

43

2/27

48

3/27

47

4/16

51

6/4

53

Lauri Markkanen  Utah Jazz

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/LauriMarkkanen-1728924877276-small.png)

Big

Height 7'0"

Weight 240 lbs

Age 28

Season 7

pts1957.1 TS%

3P%34.68.5 3PA/G

reb5.910.1 REB%

blk0.41.1 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 7 overall, 2017

**Positional anomaly** who leverages the threat of his lights-out jumper for
all it’s worth.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
MovementShooter-1697561750599.png)Movement Shooter

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Finnisher-A-1729002765629.png)Finnisher

Analysis

The Jazz haven’t given Markkanen much to play for this season, but there’s no
way around the fact that the 7-foot sharpshooter is having a bit of an odd
year. Some of that is by design; Markkanen is using the lower stakes of a lost
season to expand his game, pushing beyond the in-the-flow scoring that comes
so naturally to him with tougher, more crowded attempts. It’s an investment—as
is Jazz coach Will Hardy’s reliance on work-in-progress lineups with one of
the youngest rotations in the league. Markkanen is still every bit the smooth
offensive threat he’s been for the past few seasons, only with less to play
off of than ever before.

When allowed the luxury of rotation-caliber teammates, everything about his
game and efficiency should click back into place. Markkanen can play with
pretty much anyone, in any style, and at multiple positions. It’s just not
always going to result in his best individual production, or even the best
team results. Utah has other, longer-term goals in mind, but it’s still not
entirely clear how Markkanen fits into the future of a team with such a long
way to relevance. Markkanen would make even more sense on a roster with more
going for it, but there’s no rush to trade a low-maintenance star with this
much give to his game. Whatever direction the Jazz take, he can either fit or
facilitate. The boon of a star like Markkanen is that he contributes so much
without ever forcing his team’s hand. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

54

Full  
Timeline

1/16

86

2/27

65

3/27

54

4/16

44

6/4

54

Austin Reaves  Los Angeles Lakers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AustinReaves-1728926751713-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 206 lbs

Age 27

Season 3

pts20.261.6 TS%

3P%37.77.3 3PA/G

ast5.82.4 TOV/G

stl1.11.6 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED Not selected, 2021

**Properly rated scorer and playmaker** who blends role-playing grit with
creative juice.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

Analysis

In his brief NBA career, Reaves has inspired plenty of extreme opinions in
both directions. He’s the next Lakers star! He’s an overrated product of L.A.
mania! But in his fourth NBA season, Reaves has proved to be … an additive NBA
player? He makes shots, at a pretty healthy volume. He’s an underrated passer
and playmaker. He has genuine chemistry with LeBron James (and who among us
hasn’t gotten ahead by managing up?). He’s also tough and crafty as all hell
and will even leverage his aw-shucks persona to grift his way to the free
throw line.

None of that means he deserves a spot on the Big Three marquee next to LeBron
and Luka Doncic, despite some creative marketing following the blockbuster
deadline deal. But his production and fit in this reshuffled lineup over the
season’s final stretch could determine whether the Lakers are ready to compete
for titles now or later. Will Reaves’s ballhandling give the Lakers too much
creative juice for opponents to handle? Or will his defensive limitations be
spotlighted next to Doncic’s own shortcomings on that end? Reaves has become
one of the league’s best undrafted success stories, but it’s possible that he
may now be overqualified for the narrowly defined role that typically thrives
around Luka. _—Zach Kram and Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

55

Full  
Timeline

1/16

57

2/27

59

3/27

58

4/16

58

6/4

55

Rudy Gobert  Minnesota Timberwolves

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/RudyGobert-1728923353810-small.png)

Big

Height 7'1"

Weight 245 lbs

Age 32

Season 11

pts1268.7 TS%

reb10.918.2 REB%

blk1.44.1 BLK%

stl0.81.2 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

4x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 27 overall, 2013

**Heartbreaking:** The worst player Shaq knows is also one of the most
influential defenders in NBA history.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/shot_blocking.png)Shot Blocking

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/rebounding.png)Rebounding

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
LightningRod-1729002743431.png)Lightning Rod

Analysis

The hits keep coming for Gobert. It’s been a cosmically humiliating past year
for the towering Frenchman: being on the losing end of a Luka Doncic game-
winning buzzer beater in Game 2 of the 2024 Western Conference finals, getting
benched for large swaths of France’s silver-medal run in the Paris Olympics,
having his name dragged through mud by Shaq, who called the four-time
Defensive Player of the Year recipient [_the worst player of all
time_](https://x.com/LegionHoops/status/1831471495899705492) _._ And now, the
team and its fans are discovering the diminishing returns of a player like
Gobert.  

He is the ultimate defensive floor raiser, a foundation on which a team can
comfortably operate, so long as it plays conservatively. Few players in
basketball history have possessed the ability to single-handedly deny the
middle of the floor the way Gobert has for nearly a decade. More often than
not, Gobert provides the infrastructure for a top-five defense sight unseen.
But that hasn’t been the case this season. Gobert’s effectiveness on post-ups
and in a drop scheme against pick-and-rolls remains elite, but he’s struggled
to finish off possessions. His rebounding numbers have sharply declined, a
curious development for one of the best glass cleaners of the past decade.
Gobert used to single-handedly increase his team’s rebounding percentage by an
order of magnitude; these days, the Timberwolves are a dead-average rebounding
team with Gobert on or off the floor. If he can no longer prop up the Wolves
defense at elite levels, his viability craters. He is still a defensive system
unto himself, but if that defense no longer yields elite efficiency, that’s
when tough decisions have to be made—even tougher after the Wolves gave Gobert
a three-year extension before the season. Such is the plight of a floor raiser
on a team that is trying to find its ultimate ceiling. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

56

Full  
Timeline

1/16

71

2/27

49

3/27

50

4/16

56

6/4

56

Trey Murphy III  New Orleans Pelicans

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/TreyMurphyIII-1729000597205-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'9"

Weight 206 lbs

Age 24

Season 3

pts21.259.8 TS%

3P%36.18.3 3PA/G

stl1.11.5 STL%

blk0.72 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 17 overall, 2021

**Up-and-comer** with the floor of a 3-and-D role player and the ceiling of a
two-way star.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/athleticism.png)Athleticism

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

Analysis

Murphy already has the 3-and-D archetype nailed down. The fourth-year wing is
one of the most reliable shooters at volume off the catch, and he uses his
7-foot wingspan to fluster opposing wings. He also has the kind of leaping
ability and midair authority that would make him an instant favorite in a dunk
contest, if anyone under the age of 35 cared about it anymore.

But there’s room for so much more, and he proved it in between two lengthy
injury absences that bookended his fourth NBA season. Murphy isn’t the most
naturally fluid ball handler, but he flashed major progress in that area this
season, creating looks for himself off the bounce more than ever before. He
also has a distinguishable ball-finds-energy spirit coursing through his game,
which leads to easy looks for others and tangibly good vibes among the
Pelicans’ young core. Murphy took flight after the long-awaited Brandon Ingram
trade, notching multiple games of 30- and 40-plus points. Alas, his
breakthrough was cut short by right shoulder injuries, one of the great many
maladies that have plagued New Orleans this season. But the progress Murphy
showed could be the sort of silver lining that ultimately leads the Pelicans
to finally tap into their long-simmering potential as soon as next season. —
_Zach Kram and Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

57

Full  
Timeline

1/16

49

2/27

46

3/27

48

4/16

53

6/4

57

Jarrett Allen  Cleveland Cavaliers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JarrettAllen-1728928439452-small.png)

Big

Height 6'9"

Weight 243 lbs

Age 27

Season 7

pts13.572.4 TS%

reb9.718.8 REB%

blk0.92.9 BLK%

stl0.91.6 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 22 overall, 2017

**Rim-running lob catcher** who protects the basket, rebounds, and moves well
without the ball.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/shot_blocking.png)Shot Blocking

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/rebounding.png)Rebounding

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

Analysis

The fourth wheel who’s accepted a limited role for a championship contender,
Allen is too easy to take for granted. His skill set overlaps with the
younger, better Evan Mobley, and so much of what Allen does best can’t be
captured by box score statistics. But he does his particular job as well as
anyone in the league handles theirs.

Allen runs the floor, moves well without the ball (an underrated skill for
paint-bound big men), rebounds, blocks shots, and rolls _hard_ to the rim
after setting a screen. Darius Garland’s ascent would not be possible without
his center’s commitment to a grinding set of responsibilities. Before this
season, the 26-year-old big was widely viewed as a trade chip, destined to
play out most of his palatable extension in another city. Instead, he’s a
vital cog in a system that hums when he’s on the floor. Cleveland is dominant
because it shoots and makes a ton of 3s. Allen’s selfless work makes many of
them possible. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

58

Full  
Timeline

1/16

51

2/27

47

3/27

49

4/16

55

6/4

58

Norm Powell  Los Angeles Clippers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/NormPowell-
new-1733883077032-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'3"

Weight 215 lbs

Age 32

Season 9

pts21.861.5 TS%

3P%41.87.1 3PA/G

stl1.21.8 STL%

ast2.11.8 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 46 overall, 2015

**A new Norman:** One of the league’s best shooters is making the most of a
feature role.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
MovementShooter-1697561750599.png)Movement Shooter

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

Analysis

It’s not quite Babe Ruthian, but Powell’s preseason called shot is easily one
of the most prescient in recent memory. On media day, when asked about the
departure of Paul George, Powell described the franchise fixture’s decision to
sign with Philadelphia over the offseason as “addition by subtraction.”
Snickering ensued, but Powell has more than backed up his bold claim. Once
thought of as an instant-offense spark plug in the mold of Jamal Crawford, the
former Clippers sixth man extraordinaire, Powell has become one of the best
overall _shotmakers_ in the entire league.

Now a starter, Powell is playing with the confidence and verve of someone who
was recently promoted. He’s still drilling gobs of 3s, but they’re not just
catch-and-shoot attempts anymore (although he’s hitting damn near 50 percent
of those yet again); he’s also scoring off pull-ups at the same rate as Kyrie
Irving. He’s now widely regarded as one of the best shooters in the league,
with the kind of touch, balance, and steeliness under pressure that every
shooting coach seeks.

His uptick in assists has been offset by a similar hike in turnovers, and
while he’s competed more defensively, his size and occasional mental lapses
limit him on that end. But his come-up this season is nothing short of
spectacular … especially in comparison to what George has done in the same
timespan. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

59

Full  
Timeline

1/16

67

2/27

66

3/27

68

4/16

67

6/4

59

Dyson Daniels  Atlanta Hawks

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DysonDaniels-1732045928692-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'8"

Weight 199 lbs

Age 22

Season 2

pts14.154.5 TS%

reb5.99.6 REB%

stl34.2 STL%

ast4.42 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 8 overall, 2022

**Ball-hawking perimeter stopper** who’s finally getting a chance to sort out
his offensive identity.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

Analysis

All hail the Great Barrier Thief! Daniels has long been a fascination to fans
and executives alike, first as a toolsy yet undefined draft prospect and then
as a toolsy yet undefined reserve player for the Pelicans. But an offseason
trade to the Hawks has carved out a clear lane for the former lottery pick as
a game-wrecking perimeter defender. Defense has always been the combo guard’s
strength, but a consistent starting spot has given Daniels the opportunity to
showcase the full breadth of his abilities on that end—the shifty athleticism,
the advanced reads of unfurling plays, and perhaps the quickest hands in the
game. The Australian somehow totaled 25 steals over a four-game span in mid-
November and finished the season averaging three steals, becoming the first
player to do so since the mid-’90s.

Daniels plays with the kind of unflappable, steely demeanor that most of the
game’s best stoppers have, and he combines that with relentless effort—Atlanta
coach Quin Snyder says the 21-year-old not only doesn’t take plays off but
also doesn’t take portions of plays off. The nuances of offense, however, are
more of a work in progress: Daniels has a lot of versatility on this end,
too—he’s a willing ball mover and cutter and a natural ball handler—yet his
3-point shot has tapered off after a promising start to the season. But Snyder
is empowering Daniels to let it fly, giving his young guard space to play
through some stumbles that he wasn’t always allotted in a crowded New Orleans
wing rotation. Besides, he’s simply too damn good on defense to take off the
court at this point. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

60

Full  
Timeline

1/16

59

2/27

58

3/27

57

4/16

59

6/4

60

Mikal Bridges  New York Knicks

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/MikalBridges-
new-1732046804386-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'6"

Weight 209 lbs

Age 28

Season 6

pts17.658.5 TS%

3P%35.45.6 3PA/G

stl0.91.2 STL%

blk0.51.3 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 10 overall, 2018

**The NBA’s reigning iron man** also serves as the Knicks’ vibes barometer.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

Playoff Review

Two game-sealing defensive stops in consecutive matchups against the Celtics
in the second round ought to have solidified Bridges’s standing with the fan
base amid an uneven season for the Knicks. Alas, if only that were the
capstone of his campaign. The man worth five first-rounders was ineffective at
best in the Eastern Conference finals, routinely outplayed by Tyrese
Haliburton on both ends of the floor. For a player once considered the best
point-of-attack wing defender in the league, Bridges struggled to stay
attached, giving Haliburton wide-open driving lanes and looks from deep.
Bridges’s aversion to contact seemed to sentence him to the same basketball
hell where Ben Simmons’s game now resides, as point-blank layups became
awkward turnaround middies for no apparent reason. It was a rough last
impression for a player who was supposed to be the final two-way piece of Tom
Thibodeau’s puzzle. — _Danny Chau_  

Analysis

Bridges still isn’t even halfway to A.C. Green’s league-record 1,192
consecutive games played from 1986 to 2001, but in an age when team medical
staffs and data scientists have all but eliminated _the grind_ ,__ Bridges
stands as a modern miracle. He leads the NBA in cardio—he could run 5,000
miles and Thibs would ask him to run 5,000 more. But we’re not talking about
decoy wide receiver routes here.

Every night, Bridges clocks in and defends the point of attack, working his
way over and around screens ad nauseam. His ridiculous wingspan allows him to
recover and close gaps; his lithe frame allows him to bend corners— _woah-oh-
oh—_ and stay attached. On the good nights, you can practically feel the
monumental impact that a taller, rangier defender like Bridges can have in a
drop scheme against driving point guards. On the bad ones, you find yourself
questioning his value proposition. _He was the Defensive Player of the Year
runner-up in 2022—what the hell happened? Five future first-round picks for
this guy?_  

For all the flak he’s gotten this season, Bridges has delivered. He is one of
the truly elite midrange shooters in the NBA and has comfortably hit more
corner 3s than anyone else. He takes on some of the toughest defensive
assignments while playing a career high in minutes by a significant number.
But the gamble that New York made on him was done with the postseason in mind.
Bridges is getting all the defensive reps he can handle, knowing that he’ll be
a defensive focal point covering for Jalen Brunson’s liabilities in a seven-
game series. His varied skill set has been as advertised, just never quite
coalescing all at once for long enough stretches. But all will be forgiven if
he finds himself peaking at the right time. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

61

Full  
Timeline

1/16

2/27

91

3/27

66

4/16

63

6/4

61

Deni Avdija  Portland Trail Blazers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DeniAvdija-1740596877304-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'9"

Weight 210 lbs

Age 24

Season 4

pts16.960.5 TS%

3P%36.54.8 3PA/G

reb7.313.1 REB%

ast3.92.7 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 9 overall, 2020

**Power wing who is getting the space** to explore the full breadth of his
versatile skill set.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

Analysis

The Trail Blazers turned heads on draft night by doling out plum draft assets
(two firsts and two seconds) to bring Avdija, a young veteran already signed
to his second contract, into their studs-up rebuild. But the 24-year-old has
proved in his short Portland tenure that he doesn’t just have the sort of
complementary skills that benefit teammates both young and old; the guy they
call Turbo also has another gear to his game.

In Washington, Avdija built himself into a high-level role player season by
season: first as a solid defender with the girth and mobility to stand up to
stronger players and then as a reliable perimeter shooter with good feel and
vision. Even bad teams need players who can pass, dribble, shoot, and defend,
and the Blazers made a talent grab for Avdija in the hope that his all-around
contributions would fit whatever their future may hold.

Avdija has indeed enhanced the overall feel of Portland’s work-in-progress
offense, but it’s the force he plays with that lands him on this list. Avdija
doesn’t drive the ball so much as he battering-rams it, like Brandon Jacobs at
the goal line, and those aggressive paint touches have helped create the space
and defensive rotations that the Blazers’ inconsistent shooting often can’t.
Avdija’s own shooting has also taken a dip, but when he’s playing with flow,
he can do almost anything—whether it’s guarding centers on one end or
orchestrating a run all by himself. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

62

Full  
Timeline

1/16

61

2/27

60

3/27

64

4/16

62

6/4

62

Jalen Suggs  Orlando Magic

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JalenSuggs-1728923826538-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'4"

Weight 205 lbs

Age 24

Season 3

pts16.253.6 TS%

3P%31.46.9 3PA/G

reb48.1 REB%

ast3.72.9 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 5 overall, 2021

**An invigorating defensive ace** you would run through a brick wall for.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

Analysis

It isn’t hyperbolic to say that Suggs is the heart and soul of the Orlando
Magic. In a disappointing Magic season marred by a procession of significant
injuries—and despite losing both Paolo Banchero and Franz Wagner to torn
obliques at points in the season—the most consequential absence may be Jalen
Suggs’s. The Magic’s two leading stars are back, yet the Magic are playing
some of their least inspired basketball in years. There is no flow, no energy,
no bite from a team that was locking opponents out of heaven early in the
season. Suggs’s superpower is turning the intangible into qualities that smack
you in the face.

Suggs is one of the most ferocious point-of-attack defenders in the game
today, an event creator of the highest order. He isn’t a great shooter on the
worst 3-point shooting team in the league, and he isn’t the most instinctual
playmaker on a team that employs two overgrown point forwards, yet he does a
little bit of everything to grease the wheels. When Banchero was out, Suggs
cleared the runway for Wagner’s big breakthrough. When both Banchero and
Wagner were out, Suggs stepped up as the team’s de facto on-ball creator. He
plays with a rare maximalism, filling whatever container he’s put into. More
than anything, that’s what Suggs brings to the Magic, what the team is sorely
missing in his absence: a surplus of energy that becomes an organizing
principle. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

63

Full  
Timeline

1/16

79

2/27

85

3/27

89

4/16

88

6/4

63

Alex Caruso  Oklahoma City Thunder

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AlexCaruso-
new-1732046650792-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'4"

Weight 186 lbs

Age 31

Season 7

pts7.156.8 TS%

stl1.64 STL%

ast2.50.7 TOV/G

3P%35.33.1 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED Not selected, 2017

**A true star in his role** , now in an ideal situation for a Finals favorite.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

Playoff Review

Look, if you successfully hold your own against Nikola Jokic in the playoffs,
you get a bump up our rankings. If you’re a _guard_ who holds your own? You
take a leap—and a bow. Playoff Caruso is pretty much unimpeachable. The
defense is A1, the jumper is cashing, and the sheer volume of game-changing
hustle plays is dizzying to watch. Every team could use a player like Caruso,
but put him in the context of the Thunder’s feeding-frenzy defense, and his
tenacity amplifies everything and everyone around him. — _Rob Mahoney_

Analysis

Caruso has missed significant time this season (as he often does) and has
struggled mightily with his jumper (as is sometimes the case). And yet there’s
_no question_ that he belongs on this list—for the simple fact that Caruso
makes more high-leverage defensive plays than just about anyone else.
Everywhere you look, he’s blowing up an action, squirreling away a contested
rebound, or forcing a turnover. There are plenty of perimeter defenders who
work hard and make a difference. Then there are the very few, like Caruso, who
change the flow of play the moment they step on the floor.

Opponents know this and try to squeeze Caruso on the other end—leaving him
unattended as he spots up from 3 until he proves he can hit enough shots when
it counts. Caruso usually makes it work anyway. Where other role players live
in that make-or-miss binary, Caruso cuts and facilitates, circumventing the
premise. The spacing isn’t always easy, but there’s more to winning basketball
than sitting in the corner and waiting your turn. Caruso knows how to find his
place in things, even if it’s in spots and ways you wouldn’t expect. — _Rob
Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

64

Full  
Timeline

1/16

69

2/27

70

3/27

67

4/16

65

6/4

64

Fred VanVleet  Houston Rockets

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/FredVanVleet-1728923925148-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'1"

Weight 194 lbs

Age 31

Season 8

pts14.151.5 TS%

ast5.61.5 TOV/G

stl1.62.2 STL%

3P%34.57.7 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED Not selected, 2016

**Houston’s no-nonsense primary caregiver** , whose high-volume 3-point
shooting and elite defensive instincts allow him to transcend his stature.  

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloorGeneral.png)Floor
General

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

Analysis

Rockets fans begrudgingly understand how important VanVleet is to their
surprise contender. He blocks pathways for the youth but creates just as many.
The Rockets offense—full of talented but unruly athletes—completely craters
without his presence. But to impact winning as much as VanVleet does while
shooting _that_ poorly and taking the lion’s share of positional minutes in a
rotation? [It simply doesn’t happen very
often.](https://stathead.com/tiny/2YRiW) The only other player from this
century to do it is Jason Kidd in 2003-04; just about everyone else to do it
played in the 1950s, an age when some of the most iconic stars and
generational talents shot 37 percent from the field.

What Steady Freddy lacks in size and burst, he makes up for in S-tier hand-eye
coordination. His reaction speed has allowed him to remain an elite team
defender. He is a thief in the shadows, a perfect funnel leading unwitting
offensive players into the jagged teeth of the defense. He remains a solid
catch-and-shoot threat who tries to keep defenses honest with pull-up 3s—and
given the Rockets’ unique build of board-crashing hyper-athletes, VanVleet
keeps the lights on. There are some players whose impact (according to
advanced metrics) veers into the realm of mysticism. VanVleet is one of those
players—what Shane Battier was to the Rockets in the mid-to-late aughts.
Judging purely from his estimated plus-minus, VanVleet has the influence of a
top-20 player. The eye test both confirms and vehemently denies that reality.
VanVleet has never been an efficient scorer, but he protects the ball and
organizes an offense like a farmhand herding cattle. It’s honest work, and
he’s doing it for phenomenal wages. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

65

Full  
Timeline

1/16

63

2/27

68

3/27

63

4/16

61

6/4

65

Isaiah Hartenstein  Oklahoma City Thunder

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/IsaiahHartenstein-
new-1733883018491-small.png)

Big

Height 7'0"

Weight 250 lbs

Age 27

Season 6

pts11.259.9 TS%

reb10.720.6 REB%

ast3.81.7 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 43 overall, 2017

**Interior thumper** with a role player–to-riches tale for the ages.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/rebounding.png)Rebounding

Analysis

The come-up has been historic. Hartenstein emerged as a steady reserve with
the Clippers two seasons ago and quickly became an invaluable rotation
mainstay in New York, but he really popped last season when surrounded by
heavy-minute grinders in the starting unit. Hartenstein is an imposing rim
protector with good leaping ability and anticipation, plus the fearlessness to
challenge any incoming driver. He’s also a rare blend of stone solid and
mobile—meaning he can move with ball handlers but can’t be moved when you
throw your shoulder into him. In other words, he’s a Thibs Guy, and the more
he played for a resurgent Knicks team, the harder it became to take him off
the floor.

His scoring repertoire is fairly limited—mainly finishes around the rim and a
nifty push shot. Hartenstein has reached 20 points just twice in his career
and had never averaged double-digits in any of his previous six NBA seasons.
But the Thunder are paying him $30 million this season—more than any player on
the roster other than Shai Gilgeous-Alexander—because his strengths were their
biggest needs: He’s one the best rebounders in basketball, and his subtle
mastery of the handoff and screen game paves the runways for OKC’s bevy of
perimeter drivers. Once thought of as a player who could flex between the
starting and reserve units as needed, the former second-round pick has quickly
become essential personnel for one of the best regular-season teams in
history. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

66

Full  
Timeline

1/16

92

2/27

81

3/27

77

4/16

75

6/4

66

Jaden McDaniels  Minnesota Timberwolves

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JadenMcDaniels-1728923677963-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'9"

Weight 185 lbs

Age 24

Season 4

pts12.256.2 TS%

3P%333.7 3PA/G

blk0.92.6 BLK%

stl1.32.1 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 28 overall, 2020

**Blank face** , blanketing defense.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/athleticism.png)Athleticism

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

Playoff Review

McDaniels was Minnesota’s most consistent player throughout the playoffs,
reflected in a dramatic net rating differential that swung up 18.1 points per
100 possession when he was on the court compared to when he was off it. He
holds the key to the team’s future, in some respects: The Wolves will
eventually have to build around McDaniels’s distinct advantages on defense as
aging cogs in the starting lineup become obsolete. His shape-shifting role as
a point-of-attack defender and weakside rim protector provides the skeleton
key for an elite modern defense, but his growth as a steady third option on
offense might be just as essential to Minnesota’s thesis moving forward. In a
sense, this year’s offseason evaluation of McDaniels isn’t much different from
last year’s. But after this playoff run, there is optimism that it all might
finally click soon. — _Danny Chau_  

Analysis

Minnesota’s defensive identity will be tied to Rudy Gobert for as long as he’s
in uniform, but its defensive ceiling is informed by McDaniels’s remarkable
instincts and versatility. The “1-through-5” defender is largely a mythical
creature, but at his best, McDaniels can create the illusion of being in three
places at once. Players his size—a lanky 6-foot-9—shouldn’t be able to glide
in lockstep with point guards out behind the arc. They shouldn’t be able to
squeeze so easily in between the creases of a pick-and-roll. With his length
and lateral grace, he covers ground like few other perimeter defenders; with
his short-range explosiveness, he is a disruptive help-side rim protector.

McDaniels’s offense waxes and wanes—some nights, he looks the part of a
potential third option on offense; others, it feels tenuous to affix the “3”
in “3-and-D.” After a particularly rough start to the season, the Wolves have
entrusted McDaniels with more responsibility on offense in the New Year, and
he’s responded with his best stretch on that side in his young career. He’s
grown confident in his ballhandling and midrange pull-up game; he’s become
more reliable as a catch-and-shoot threat behind the arc. If this is who
McDaniels can be consistently, he has an outside shot at developing into a
legitimate third option on offense and an All-Defense candidate on the other
end. Even with the ups and downs of his development, McDaniels’s impact is a
roller coaster the Timberwolves are more than happy to ride. True stoppers of
his ilk are exceedingly valuable. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

67

Full  
Timeline

1/16

58

2/27

54

3/27

59

4/16

60

6/4

67

DeMar DeRozan  Sacramento Kings

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DemarDerozan-
new-1733883145528-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'6"

Weight 218 lbs

Age 35

Season 15

pts22.256.9 TS%

ast4.41.4 TOV/G

3P%32.83.3 3PA/G

stl0.81.1 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

3x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 9 overall, 2009

**The league’s foremost midrange conservator** steps gracefully into his
twilight years.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-ClutchGene.png)Clutch
Gene

Analysis

Getting older means appreciating the artistry of DeRozan for what it is and
what it’s become. For his entire career, the man they call Deebo has
painstakingly shaped his game with a chisel, honoring the passion and
dedication of his boyhood idol Kobe Bryant. And at 35, on his third different
team in seven seasons, he remains one of the _coolest_ scorers in the league.
DeRozan’s ability to get to his spots on the floor is damn near mystical: He
has the patience, the footwork, the understanding of angles, the fluidity to
chain all of his maneuvers together and rise up for a shot, hand in his face
be damned.

DeRozan will always be known as the anachronistic wing who forsook the 3-point
line, but he’s also, year after year, refined himself into one of the best
pick-and-roll operators at his position—which has been put to the test in
Sacramento after the team traded De’Aaron Fox.  A perennial Clutch Player of
the Year candidate since the award was created, DeRozan hasn’t had too many
opportunities to use that sense of the moment in the postseason. With the
Kings in the throes of the play-in race, this could be his latest and greatest
opportunity to show off everything he’s honed over the past 16 years. — _Danny
Chau_

Read the full analysis

68

Full  
Timeline

1/16

44

2/27

53

3/27

53

4/16

68

6/4

68

Zach LaVine  Sacramento Kings

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ZachLavine-
Kings-1739547173197-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 200 lbs

Age 30

Season 10

pts23.363.9 TS%

3P%44.67.2 3PA/G

stl0.81.1 STL%

ast4.22.8 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 13 overall, 2014

**Explosive scorer** with a new opportunity to amend his losing reputation.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/athleticism.png)Athleticism

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

Analysis

After perhaps the most impressive three-and-a-half-month stretch of his entire
career, LaVine was finally traded in early February, to a disoriented Kings
team that was suddenly in desperate need of dynamic bucket-getting.
Fortunately, he excels at that. LaVine can consistently drill the most
difficult and important shots. He’s a live wire, as accurate as he is
comfortable pulling up from deep without assistance.

Coming off of several years when LaVine was best known for his bloated
contract, nagging injuries, and counterproductive on-court habits, the first
half of this season was something like a reputational cleanse. The Chicago
Bulls (not a good team) actually outscored opponents with him on the court and
were better when he played than when he didn’t. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

69

Full  
Timeline

1/16

48

2/27

61

3/27

65

4/16

66

6/4

69

Jrue Holiday  Portland Trail Blazers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JrueHoliday-1728999658882-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 205 lbs

Age 35

Season 15

pts11.156.5 TS%

ast3.91.2 TOV/G

3P%35.34.9 3PA/G

stl1.11.7 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

2x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 17 overall, 2009

**Bulwark defender and across-the-board contributor** whose offense now comes
on an as-needed basis.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

Analysis

For all the good Holiday did in Milwaukee, including pushing the Bucks over
the top to win their first title in 50 years, the top-heavy roster would
sometimes spotlight his game’s blemishes—namely, his unwillingness to impose
his will on offense. In Boston, surrounded by a deep reserve of two-way
players, Holiday has blended into the crowd, which allows his best
attributes—hounding on-ball defense, the strength to stand up against
virtually any opponent, playmaking or scoring within the flow of the
offense—to pop. Holiday has lived several lives in the NBA: precocious ball
handler, pick-and-roll partner to one of the game’s best unicorns, underrated
defensive soul taker, properly rated defensive master. Boston Jrue is the
ultimate luxury, someone who can turn up the levels on any of those identities
as needed.

As a result of the role switch, the raw production has diminished: Holiday is
averaging single-digit shot attempts for the first time since his rookie
season, and while the extra discretion led to career-high efficiency last
season, he’s struggled to hit from the perimeter in his encore with the
Celtics. It’s a mild concern for a player who recently banked $135 million
through his age-37 season, but Holiday has shown the ability to flip the on
switch when necessary—including logging games of 28 and 26 points last
postseason when the mismatches worked in his favor, all while running the
gamut on defensive assignments.

Holiday has long been one of the game’s most versatile players, but Boston’s
depth of talent has been his genius grant, affording him the space to focus on
the craftwork that makes him great. It remains to be seen how long the
historically expensive Celtics can afford such a luxury, especially as Holiday
ages deeper into his 30s, but as it stands, he represents everything that
makes the team great. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

70

Full  
Timeline

1/16

54

2/27

52

3/27

56

4/16

57

6/4

70

Kristaps Porzingis  Boston Celtics

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KristapsPorzingis-1728928348233-small.png)

Big

Height 7'3"

Weight 240 lbs

Age 29

Season 9

pts19.561.8 TS%

reb6.812.8 REB%

blk1.54.8 BLK%

3P%41.26 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 4 overall, 2015

**Flame-throwing shot-blocker** who’s cut all the fat from his game.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/shot_blocking.png)Shot Blocking

Playoff Review

Uh, is Porzingis OK? The upper respiratory illness that kept him out of eight
straight games earlier this year hampered him throughout Boston’s two-round
playoff run; he even sat out the entire second half of Game 5 against the
Knicks because coach Joe Mazzulla said the center “couldn’t breathe.” Or maybe
it’s a [new, related illness](https://www.nbcsportsboston.com/nba/boston-
celtics/kristaps-porzingis-illness-update-game-2-knicks/708095/)? The lack of
clarity is troubling, especially after Porzingis
[tweeted](https://x.com/kporzee/status/1899256290700063075) on March 10 that
no one’s been able to “fully identify” the virus. Even at full health,
Porzingis would face a murky future in Boston. The Celtics are expected to
jettison salary this summer to duck under the onerous second apron, and the
oft-injured center’s $30.7 million expiring contract is a prime candidate for
a trade. Porzingis hasn’t yet hit 30, but after a decade of injuries on his
uniquely large frame, he could be on the precipice of a new phase of his
career, with yet another organization. — _Justin Verrier_

Analysis

The Celtics look like a completely different team when Porzingis is on the
court, and the shock value of turning him loose beside Jayson Tatum and Jaylen
Brown in Joe Mazzulla’s happily overindulgent system has not tapered off this
season.

Porzingis is a solar eclipse defending the rim whose 3-point shot and ability
to pulverize mismatches at the nail leaves opponents with no obvious game plan
on either end. He was indispensable in the NBA Finals and might’ve been the
MVP of that series if he didn’t get hurt. As someone who was initially
heralded as a looming superstar, he might not have fulfilled the promise that
was suggested 10 years ago by his tantalizing skill set, but in Boston,
Porzingis has settled into a best-case scenario for all parties involved. —
_Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

71

Full  
Timeline

1/16

70

2/27

80

3/27

70

4/16

70

6/4

71

Coby White  Chicago Bulls

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/CobyWhite-1728926582767-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 195 lbs

Age 25

Season 5

pts20.460.1 TS%

3P%377.9 3PA/G

reb3.75.8 REB%

ast4.52.4 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 7 overall, 2019

**High-voltage scoring guard** who can provide a jolt on or off the ball.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ball_handling.png)Ballhandling

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

Analysis

White’s come-up couldn’t have happened at a better time. Entering last season,
the former no. 7 pick had seemingly hit a wall in his development and was
relegated to battling for a starting spot with journeymen and second-rounders.
But after Zach LaVine got hurt, White downright exploded, leveraging his
versatility as an on-ball creator and an off-ball floor spacer to put up new
career highs in points, assists, and 3-pointers. In the end, he finished just
a few voting points behind Tyrese Maxey for the Most Improved Player award.

LaVine’s departure at this year’s trade deadline has had a similar galvanizing
effect (what a coincidence!). After a slow adjustment to the top of the call
sheet, White took off in March, averaging 30 points and helping to turn the
Bulls into the lone East play-in team with a pulse. The ball is pinging in
Chicago’s offense like a pinball, and White is often the exclamation
[point](https://x.com/NBA/status/1876478799933571366). He’s so goddamn
fast—we’re talking John Wall–level quickness—and now he’s harnessing that
superpower into a [truly special ballhandling
bag](https://x.com/NBA/status/1876478799933571366), to go along with a steady
perimeter shot and a willingness to get the ball moving. Is the Bulls’ success
a March mirage? Maybe. Probably. But there’s a radio edit of a serious team
here, with athletes and ball movers and shooters up and down the floor. And
White, who has just one more season on his contract after this one, is all of
a sudden looking like essential personnel for whatever lies ahead, rather than
merely a bridge to the next big thing. — _Zach Kram and Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

72

Full  
Timeline

1/16

65

2/27

71

3/27

73

4/16

69

6/4

72

Brandon Ingram  Toronto Raptors

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/BrandonIngram-1729045206050-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'8"

Weight 190 lbs

Age 27

Season 8

pts22.256\. TS%

3P%37.46.4 3PA/G

reb5.69.1 REB%

blk0.61.8 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 2 overall, 2016

**One of the league’s premier tough-shot artists** gets a fresh start up
north—hopefully, it’s just what the doctor ordered.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
FlightRisk-1697561760068.png)Flight Risk

Analysis

Toronto’s acquisition of Ingram at the trade deadline follows the franchise’s
team-building playbook to a tee: If there’s an opportunity to buy low on a
serious talent in their prime, you do it no matter what. Kyle Lowry was 26
when he was traded to the Raptors in 2012; he went on to become the greatest
player in franchise history. Kawhi Leonard was 27 when he was traded to
Toronto in 2018; he led the team to its first championship in his only season
with the Raptors. Ingram, 27, is the latest in the tradition, and his injury
history is no less concerning than Kawhi’s was—but by the time Kawhi made it
to Canada, he’d been a two-time Defensive Player of the Year and All-NBA
first-teamer with a championship ring already in tow. For all of Ingram’s
talents, his résumé is barren, outside of a single All-Star appearance in
2019-20.

There is no clear timeline for Ingram’s return to the floor from the ankle
injury that’s sidelined him for months. The Raptors are hoping that the player
they get on the other side will be worth the wait. Ingram’s archetype is
actually quite familiar: He plays not unlike a post-Toronto DeMar Derozan,
just with an extra few inches of height and wingspan. There is an ease with
which Ingram gets to his spots in the midrange, and he can rise and fire over
just about any defender in the league. Both play with savvy in the pick-and-
roll and have become audacious passers on the move. One glaring difference?
Before Ingram’s ankle injury, he’d experimented with becoming a higher-volume
3-point shooter, to great effect. New Orleans never quite figured out the
synergy between Ingram and Zion Williamson, the kind of unorthodox, big-boned
lead facilitator that new teammate Scottie Barnes is for the Raptors. But
Ingram’s quick extension with the team suggests that he sees the vision. We’ll
keep our eyes peeled whenever you’re ready, Brandon. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

73

Full  
Timeline

1/16

66

2/27

55

3/27

62

4/16

64

6/4

73

Michael Porter Jr.  Denver Nuggets

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/MichaelPorterJr-1728928110571-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'10"

Weight 218 lbs

Age 26

Season 5

pts18.261.7 TS%

3P%39.56.4 3PA/G

reb711.4 REB%

blk0.51.3 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 14 overall, 2018

**Unsung hero for a contender** that needs his shooting, role recognition, and
size.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
GalaxyBrain02.png)Galaxy Brain

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
ExtremelyOnline-1697561773516.png)Extremely Online

Analysis

With the trade deadline passed and Porter still employed by the Nuggets, it’s
time to appreciate how awesome his season has been. MPJ is fully back to who
he was in 2021, right before back surgery ended his season (and he signed a
five-year maximum extension). It’s a welcome sign for the Nuggets, an
expensive, proud title contender that’s all in to win their second title in
three years.

Porter is an ideal complement to Nikola Jokic. He’s equally effective cutting
without the ball as he is rising up out of a dribble handoff to drill a
contested 3. His effortless range makes him dangerous in all situations, and,
despite the occasional instance when he loses focus or doesn’t box out, his
size and experience are a plus for Denver’s defense. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

74

Full  
Timeline

1/16

2/27

3/27

4/16

6/4

74

Andrew Nembhard  Indiana Pacers

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AndrewNembhard
\(1\)-1748975357494-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 193 lbs

Age 25

Season 2

pts1054.5 TS%

ast51.7 TOV/G

3P%29.12.7 3PA/G

stl1.22 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 31 overall, 2022

**World-class defensive technician** who epitomizes the idea of a “16-game
player.”

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
GotThatDog1-1704733767241.png)Got That Dog in Him

Analysis

Footage of Nembhard’s defensive effort against Jalen Brunson in Game 6 of the
Eastern Conference finals may well become immortalized in defensive coaching
clinics from now until the end of time. He pressured relentlessly, he vacuum-
sealed the airspace between them, he navigated screens so deftly you’d be
forgiven for imagining that he might’ve moved _through_ them—ghosting a screen
on a completely different level.

Nembhard is the not-so-secret ingredient to the Pacers’ success on both ends
of the floor. As Indiana’s offensive lieutenant, he is decidedly less
whimsical in how he sets up offense compared to Tyrese Haliburton, but it’s
hard to argue with the results. He is efficient in the pick-and-roll, he knows
how to get to his spots in the midrange, he has his pet methods of creating
space through bumps, subtle stepbacks, and tempo shifts. He has a competent
pull-up game that somehow gets exponentially better in the playoffs. We have
two postseasons’ worth of evidence that Nembhard can elevate his game when
stakes are the highest. There are few things more important to a contender.

On defense, Nembhard weaves the tapestry from all sides. Hounding players 94
feet away from the basket is eye-catching, but Nembhard’s instincts have made
him Indiana’s best off-ball defender, too. He can chase a shooter as well as
anyone in the league. He naturally flows into any gaps in coverage and his
mere presence as a helper makes players around him more effective on-ball
defenders. A player of Nembhard’s build shouldn’t be able to influence
defensive efficacy in such a complete way—Nemby’s measureables ain’t
Wemby’s—and yet, he just does.

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

75

Full  
Timeline

1/16

81

2/27

76

3/27

74

4/16

72

6/4

75

Cam Johnson  Brooklyn Nets

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/CamJohnson-1733847410930-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'8"

Weight 210 lbs

Age 29

Season 5

pts18.863.2 TS%

3P%397.2 3PA/G

stl0.91.5 STL%

ast3.41.7 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 11 overall, 2019

**The 3-and-D wing every contender needs** , marooned on a franchise
rebuilding from the ground up.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

Analysis

Older NBA prospects—like Johnson, who was 23 years old when he was drafted in
2019—typically [don’t have high
ceilings](https://www.theringer.com/2024/11/26/nba/dalton-knecht-los-angeles-
lakers-prospect-age-rookie). So it made sense that Johnson was a good but not
great contributor for a while in Phoenix: He was an excellent shooter with a
career 40 percent mark from distance who lacked any other standout skills.

Now in his late 20s, however, Johnson is coming into his own as a more well-
rounded offensive threat. He’s seizing on the ample opportunities up for grabs
in Brooklyn: He’s initiating more offense, creating more shots for himself,
and becoming even more efficient despite the increased volume. Although he
surprisingly stayed put in Brooklyn past the trade deadline, his ultimate
destination might still be as a role player for a contender—but now Johnson
would fill that role with more _oomph_ than ever before. — _Zach Kram_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

76

Full  
Timeline

1/16

85

2/27

87

3/27

90

4/16

87

6/4

76

Myles Turner  Indiana Pacers

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/MylesTurner-1728927058012-small.png)

Big

Height 6'11

Weight 250 lbs

Age 29

Season 9

pts15.661.2 TS%

reb6.512.1 REB%

blk26 BLK%

3P%39.65.5 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 11 overall, 2015

**Shooting, swatting center** and first-ballot trade rumor Hall of Famer.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/shot_blocking.png)Shot Blocking

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

Playoff Review

All due respect to the 13 players that [don’t
like](https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/6300950/2025/04/23/tyrese-haliburton-
nba-most-overrated-player-poll/) Tyrese Haliburton, but the point guard isn’t
even the most underrated player on his own team. The Pacers have flirted with
trading Turner approximately 137 times over his decade-long run in Indy, and
even signed Deandre Ayton to a max offer sheet three summers ago. But the
center who started his career playing next to Paul George and Monta Ellis has
re-emerged as a linchpin of the freewheeling, five-out style that has vaulted
this new generation of Pacers into the NBA Finals. Turner hasn’t been an
overwhelming force on either end, but his rare combination of floor-spacing
shooting and rim protection has allowed Indiana’s fast-paced offense to flow
unimpeded without sacrificing defensive heft. For the first time in a long
time, retaining Turner, a free agent-to-be, feels like a must rather than a
shrug of resignation. — _Justin Verrier_

Analysis

Turner has become the ultimate trade deadline
[survivor](https://x.com/Original_Turner/status/1887590963264290951). The big
man has now played a decade in Indiana—long enough that his [ID
card](https://x.com/Original_Turner/status/1893832935800782850) is barely
legible—yet has been a regular in the rumor mill [practically every
season](https://x.com/C2_Cooper/status/1884647766816682189) (including this
one). Over that time, Turner’s pluses and minuses have warped, too. Once a
downballot Defensive Player of the Year candidate with a developing stretch
skill set on offense, his perimeter shooting—now up to career-best efficiency
at career-high rates—has pivoted him closer to an offensive specialist.

Despite the rush in recent years to cram shooters into every spot on the
roster, it’s still hard to find someone with a reliable enough 3-ball at
Turner’s size. And while his block rate may have oversold his all-encompassing
impact on defense, he’s still a big deterrent at the rim who’s capable of
erasing four or more shots on any given night. He may not be the 5-man of Rick
Carlisle’s dreams … or be enough of a force on the boards … or play as
physically as his size suggests. But you can do a helluva lot worse than a
center who can shoot, move at Indy’s pace, and cause problems defensively. The
Pacers know—they’ve tried to entertain other options and always end up
sticking with Turner. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

77

Full  
Timeline

1/16

80

2/27

75

3/27

78

4/16

77

6/4

77

Naz Reid  Minnesota Timberwolves

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/NazReid-1728926934825-small.png)

Big

Height 6'9"

Weight 264 lbs

Age 25

Season 5

pts14.257.7 TS%

3P%37.95.8 3PA/G

reb612.1 REB%

blk0.93 BLK%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED

**Fan favorite and no-nonsense glue guy** on the verge of leveling up to
bigger and better things.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PotentialGOAT.png)Potential GOAT

Analysis

To [quote](https://x.com/GovTimWalz/status/1786938563990356234?lang=en)
Minnesota governor and former vice presidential candidate Tim Walz: “Naz
Reid.” And Naz Reid, period, isn’t mere player analysis; no, it’s a profession
of a basketball ethos, a motto for a way of life, and, above all, a state’s
celebration of a beloved role player.

Reid earns that adoration with constant effort, one of the most reliable
3-point strokes for a big man, and year-over-year improvement. He’s already a
Sixth Man of the Year winner, but he may be due for an even bigger
role—whether that’s in Minnesota or elsewhere. Reid holds a player option for
next season, but [reports](https://marcstein.substack.com/p/jake-fischer-
latest-on-the-timberwolves) are already indicating that he’ll decline it and
hit free agency, which suggests that he’s expecting more for himself, too.
He’s right: Minnesota may love Naz, but his ability to stretch the court, low-
maintenance demeanor, and all-around impact make up the kind of skill set that
every team would love to have. — _Zach Kram and Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

78

Full  
Timeline

1/16

87

2/27

86

3/27

84

4/16

80

6/4

78

Lu Dort  Oklahoma City Thunder

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/LuDort-2025-1736951001381-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'3"

Weight 215 lbs

Age 26

Season 5

pts10.158.6 TS%

3P%41.25.8 3PA/G

stl1.11.8 STL%

reb4.17.6 REB%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED Not selected, 2019

**Proprietor of the Dorture Chamber** , where even the NBA’s best perimeter
scorers are bound to have a bad time.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
GotThatDog1-1704733767241.png)Got That Dog in Him

Analysis

In early January, following a Celtics loss in Oklahoma City, Joe Mazzulla
explained why Jaylen Brown had scored 21 points in the first half but gone
scoreless after halftime: “They moved Dort to him.” In the Thunder’s next
game, Dort shut down another star, as the handsy linebacker of a wing forced
Donovan Mitchell to have his worst game of the season.

Oklahoma City has no shortage of excellent individual defenders, but Dort is
the primary stopper for the NBA’s [best defense this
century](https://www.pbpstats.com/relative-off-def-efficiency/nba). It’s much
easier for Shai Gilgeous-Alexander to gamble for steals, Alex Caruso to slip
into gaps, and Chet Holmgren and Isaiah Hartenstein to protect the rim when
Dort is manning the front line of the defense. And the onetime one-way player
has improved on the offensive end, as well, knocking down 40 percent of his
moonball 3s over the last two seasons. Opponents can no longer leave him open
to focus on OKC’s stars. — _Zach Kram_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

79

Full  
Timeline

1/16

77

2/27

69

3/27

71

4/16

71

6/4

79

Josh Hart  New York Knicks

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JoshHart-1729000267175-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 214 lbs

Age 30

Season 7

pts13.661.1 TS%

3P%33.33.3 3PA/G

reb9.614.6 REB%

stl1.52 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 30 overall, 2017

**New York’s trusty Swiss Army knife** who always makes an impact, one way or
another.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PodcastBro-1697561821616.png)Podcast Bro

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/rebounding.png)Rebounding

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
GotThatDog1-1704733767241.png)Got That Dog in Him

Analysis

Hart plies his trade just on the other side of expectation. He is never more
dangerous than when he’s completely out of the picture. There are few things
this season more demoralizing than finally getting a stop on the Knicks’ top-
five offense, only for Hart to come flying into the frame from the periphery
to extend the possession. Or throwing an errant pass because you didn’t see
Hart lying in wait. On a Knicks team featuring a timeless scoring point guard
in Jalen Brunson and the greatest shooting big man in league history in Karl-
Anthony Towns, it’s Hart who might be having the most compelling individual
season. The only player in NBA history who’s 6-foot-6 or smaller and surpasses
Hart’s combination of total rebounding rate, assist rate, field goal
percentage, and total minutes played in a season is [Charles
Barkley](https://stathead.com/tiny/E7pk2). Cut out the remarkable field goal
percentage, and [the list opens up](https://stathead.com/tiny/uh0GJ) to a
select group of current or future Hall of Famers: Barkley, Luka Doncic,
Russell Westbrook, Draymond Green, and Billy Cunningham.  

He can do a little bit of everything the team needs him to do. And he’ll add a
little something extra, free of charge, good or bad. But such hiccups have
become endearing under the bright lights of Madison Square Garden. He will
always give that boost in effort. He has the strength and mobility to size up
or down in defensive matchups, and playing alongside on-ball savants like
Mikal Bridges and OG Anunoby has allowed Hart to lock into the helper role
he’s long excelled at. He is reliable and resilient, a player whose charm and
dependability has allowed Tom Thibodeau’s heart to grow three sizes. They are,
after all, kindred sickos. Hart knows Thibs won’t pull him out of the game,
and Thibs knows Hart doesn’t want to be pulled.

That dynamic has finally come at a cost. Hart will be dealing with
patellofemoral pain syndrome (or runner’s knee) for the rest of the
season—it’s a condition that typically stems from overuse. How it affects
Hart’s balls-to-the-wall energy could define the Knicks’ stretch run. Whether
the answer is pain management or load management, the Knicks can’t afford to
lose the spark that only Hart provides. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

80

Full  
Timeline

1/16

68

2/27

73

3/27

75

4/16

76

6/4

80

RJ Barrett  Toronto Raptors

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/RJBarrett-1729035362858-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'6"

Weight 214 lbs

Age 24

Season 5

pts21.154.7 TS%

3P%355.3 3PA/G

reb6.310.5 REB%

ast5.42.8 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 3 overall, 2019

**Most Improved Player candidate** finding new ways to positively impact a bad
team.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/athleticism.png)Athleticism

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

Analysis

It’s hard to name a player as productive, once heralded, and expensive as
Barrett who captures less attention. The 24-year-old’s per-game numbers cross
rare benchmarks, and he’s averaging more points in the paint than every guard
except Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and Cade Cunningham.

Barrett’s efficiency is up and down, and the stakes are so low on a Raptors
team that’s both depleted by injuries and not very good. But his individual
growth as a playmaker has been a significant silver lining to Toronto’s
season, and a reason to be optimistic about the organization’s long-term plan
(which, after acquiring Brandon Ingram and then signing him to a three-year,
$120 million extension, presumably involves trying to win games). — _Michael
Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

81

Full  
Timeline

1/16

100

2/27

100

3/27

82

4/16

79

6/4

81

Josh Giddey  Chicago Bulls

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JoshGiddey-1729001868355-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'8"

Weight 210 lbs

Age 22

Season 3

pts14.657\. TS%

reb8.114 REB%

ast7.22.9 TOV/G

3P%37.84 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 6 overall, 2021

**Wizardly passer Alohomora-ing** the full breadth of his all-around skill
set.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PassingVirtuoso.png)Passing Virtuoso

Analysis

Oklahoma City isn’t for everyone. Giddey found that out the hard way last
postseason, when his struggles led to a major reduction in minutes and then a
bench role for the first time in his career. But the Bulls, who traded for him
a few months later, may have found the high-level starting point guard buried
under that bushel of locks.

Giddey can perform magic tricks with the ball in his hands. He has a knack for
truly imaginative passes—notably out of[ sideline out-of-bounds
plays](https://x.com/joshgiddey/status/1718384599753990210)—and the
preternatural court feel to create windows that didn’t previously exist,
either by attacking and shifting a defense in a certain direction or by
putting the right spin on the ball and bending it like Beckham to its
recipient. He’s also as big as a power forward and can rebound like one, too;
after he drives the ball to the rim, you’ll often see him circling back from
out of bounds to crash the scrum in the paint and tip his way to a board.

The problems have been shooting and defense, which made him an uneasy fit as a
tertiary option in a Shai Gilgeous-Alexander–dominated worldview. But the
22-year-old has made noticeable progress in both: He’s been drilling 45
percent of his 3s since the New Year, and although he’s prone to ball watching
and being caught flat-footed, he’s shown improvement in leveraging his size
against bigger opponents and making sharp reads to pick off passes—including
eight in a [thrilling near-quadruple-double
performance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N9t543hxDYM) against the Lakers.

Put it all together, and Giddey is starting to look like the all-around
contributor most hoped he’d become after he was selected no. 6 overall in
2021. And Chicago, with grand visions of putting size, shooting, and
ballhandling at every position for going on four years now, may be the right
spot to take advantage of it. A year ago, it seemed as though Giddey needed to
be on the ball to make a major impact, but his usage rate is actually lower
than ever, while his production has never been better. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

82

Full  
Timeline

1/16

91

2/27

84

3/27

81

4/16

78

6/4

82

De'Andre Hunter  Cleveland Cavaliers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DeAndreHunter-
Cavs-1739547098525-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'8"

Weight 220 lbs

Age 27

Season 5

pts1762.3 TS%

3P%40.56.1 3PA/G

reb48.1 REB%

ast1.41.3 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 4 overall, 2019

**Sharpshooting power wing** who could be the final piece of the Cavaliers’
historic offense.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

Analysis

Hunter was having the best season of his career in Atlanta. His reward? A
deadline deal that sent him to Cleveland, where his blend of size and
shotmaking augments what is already one of the greatest regular offenses the
league has ever seen. The Cavs have too many options for Hunter to maintain
the career-best scoring average he was working on with the Hawks.

Hunter is one of the league’s best high-volume spot-up shooters but has also
been given the green light to create his own shot in the midrange, taking
advantage of his size and skill against weaker supporting units. He’s a
welcome addition on the basis of positional size alone. Cleveland plays two
bigs, but it also plays two smalls—Hunter’s Vitruvian Man frame allows the
Cavs rotations a bit of added flexibility, given the rest of its wing
rotation’s lack of height. He’s no Jayson Tatum stopper, but simply having
bigger bodies to throw at the league’s top wings is a boon.

Whether he starts games seems immaterial; he’ll certainly be in the lineup as
a closer. But from the looks of it, the sixth-man digs suit Hunter well, and
perhaps the downtick in minutes can keep him on the floor. If the NBA’s
65-game rule had been in effect for all of Hunter’s career, he’d have
qualified for awards consideration in only one of his first five seasons—and
even then, only barely. All things considered, Hunter’s role change has
altered his career immeasurably. For years, he was _fine._ Now, he’s one of
the best bench scorers the league has ever seen. _—Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

83

Full  
Timeline

1/16

2/27

100

3/27

96

4/16

91

6/4

83

Christian Braun  Denver Nuggets

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ChristianBraun-1740596818697-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'6"

Weight 218 lbs

Age 24

Season 2

pts15.466.5 TS%

3P%39.72.8 3PA/G

reb5.28.4 REB%

ast2.61 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 21 overall, 2022

**Hustle junkie** with a burgeoning all-around game.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/athleticism.png)Athleticism

Analysis

The early stages of Braun’s career followed a classic role-player formula:
earn minutes with all-out effort, slowly win over a hard-liner head coach,
then cling to a role by making as few mistakes as possible. But what happens
when a defense-first grinder shows signs of something more? Braun still hounds
opposing scorers around every screen, but he’s too useful an offensive player
to just park himself in the corner. Denver is better off with Braun creating
here and there, running inverted pick-and-rolls with Nikola Jokic, seizing
every opportunity on the break, and sure, knocking down some spot-up 3s. He
still plays a deferential style, but Braun has earned the right to try
things—and to make some mistakes.

In the open floor, Braun has a great deal of latitude. He’s a demon in
transition—exploiting every opponent who isn’t as willing or able to hard
sprint the floor the way he does. And even those that do have a hard time
rebuffing a driver who attacks with so much force. He’ll try to dunk on
_anyone_. Yet those pushes on the break only work as well as they do because
Braun is so comfortable working off the dribble. His handle isn’t the least
bit flashy, but it’s provided the means for an opportunistic young player to
seize the moments in front of him. Braun isn’t just a shooter and cutter
drafting off the game’s best playmaker—he’s become part of the engine that
makes the Nuggets go. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

84

Full  
Timeline

1/16

41

2/27

50

3/27

69

4/16

81

6/4

84

Joel Embiid  Philadelphia 76ers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JoelEmbiid-1728927504535-small.png)

Big

Height 7'0"

Weight 280 lbs

Age 31

Season 8

pts23.858\. TS%

reb8.215.3 REB%

blk0.93.1 BLK%

ast4.53.3 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

1x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

6x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 3 overall, 2014

  * [The Five People Facing the Most Pressure This NBA Season](https://www.theringer.com/nba/2024/9/23/24251998/joel-embiid-contract-extension-nba-preview-2024-25)

**Former MVP winner** whose career has been derailed by injuries.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/shot_blocking.png)Shot Blocking

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
ShitStirrer-1729002760904.png)Sh*t Stirrer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-DadJokes.png)Dad Jokes

Analysis

There’s a decent chance we’ve already seen Embiid’s peak. No player entered
this season with more pressure. No player has been a more calamitous
disappointment. Embiid has been betrayed by a body that can’t stay healthy and
withstand the rigors of an NBA season; the Sixers didn’t win their first game
with him on the court until December 8.

Before the Sixers finally shut him down for good in late February, Embiid
sometimes looked like a mummified version of his former-MVP self, worried
about suffering another injury, trying to conserve energy for the fourth
quarter, or both. The next steps for Embiid’s knee have yet to be announced,
but he acknowledged earlier this year that he will likely need another surgery
and another lengthy recovery period.

Instead of thriving beside Tyrese Maxey and Paul George (another anticlimactic
max contract recipient on Philadelphia’s payroll), Embiid has spent most of
his time on the sideline, watching the Sixers stumble through a season that
could end with them keeping a top-six-protected lottery pick. If it doesn’t,
they’ll miss the play-in, lose the pick, and be forced to confront one of the
bleakest futures in the league. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

85

Full  
Timeline

1/16

83

2/27

74

3/27

72

4/16

73

6/4

85

CJ McCollum  New Orleans Pelicans

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/CJMcCollum-1729001076623-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'3"

Weight 201 lbs

Age 33

Season 10

pts21.155\. TS%

ast4.11.9 TOV/G

3P%37.38.2 3PA/G

stl0.81.2 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 10 overall, 2013

**Ace shooter** with plenty to offer—on offense.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-FloatGame.png)Float
Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ball_handling.png)Ballhandling

Analysis

This has been a nightmare season for the Pelicans, but in the midst of
extended losing streaks you can still find McCollum, professional scorer,
doing his thing. Some of the highest-scoring games of his career have come in
2025. Often, those outbursts are the only thing standing between New Orleans
and certain defeat. That’s not ideal for anyone involved, but McCollum has
managed to give some weird, injury-warped lineups a chance to compete—which is
about all the Pelicans can ask for these days.

In a perfect world, McCollum is the kind of supporting scorer who can help set
the table and keep defenses honest. There are hard limits to what he can
accomplish in a leading role; McColum’s size and jumpshooting style prevent
him from scoring consistently enough to be a tried-and-true star, but he could
flank one of those stars quite reliably. It’s a shame one has never really
materialized in New Orleans. McCollum’s form and footwork are so flexible that
he can get shots up from virtually anywhere, flowing into whatever space and
opportunity is available. From outside, he remains one of the league’s most
dangerous shooters, both off the catch and off the dribble. If he’s allowed
inside the arc, McCollum can turn a sliver of daylight into a clean runner.
He’s more of a provisional option at the point than a true playmaker, and
won’t offer all that much resistance while guarding the point of attack. The
impact of CJ’s game—like many players in this range—depends on the context
around him. The buckets, however, come regardless. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

86

Full  
Timeline

1/16

72

2/27

82

3/27

86

4/16

84

6/4

86

Devin Vassell  San Antonio Spurs

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DevinVassell-1728929265956-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 200 lbs

Age 24

Season 4

pts16.355.3 TS%

3P%36.86.7 3PA/G

stl1.32 STL%

ast2.91.4 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 11 overall, 2020

**What every franchise wants** : a 3-and-D wing with the potential for more.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

Analysis

Vassell fits the template for a role-playing wing in the modern game. He’s a
quick athlete with a long wingspan, legit defensive chops, and a track record
of hitting 3s in bunches. He’s also shown hints of becoming more of a
playmaker and three-level scorer when afforded the space to explore the depths
of his game, albeit mostly in low-stakes situations. He played in under half
of the Spurs’ games in his third season due to injuries, yet they still locked
him up withto a lucrative five-year extension the following season because
he’s exactly the kind of young, versatile talent that teams will always bet
on.

Another injury has kept Vassell from realizing his full potential this season.
He missed most of the first two months of the season recovering from offseason
surgery to fix a stress fracture in his right foot, and he’s struggled to play
with much consistency since. His numbers are down across the board, and the
Spurs have been better without him on the court. Victor Wembanyama’s
unfortunate absence will likely derail San Antonio’s play-in push, but a shift
to development mode, where Vassell has made most of his gains, could be a
silver lining. That, plus some renewed effort on defense, could go a long way
toward transforming Vassell into the supporting player he has projected as
since he was drafted 11th overall in 2020. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

87

Full  
Timeline

1/16

90

2/27

89

3/27

83

4/16

85

6/4

87

Anfernee Simons  Portland Trail Blazers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AnferneeSimons-1728925230809-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'3"

Weight 180 lbs

Age 26

Season 6

pts19.355.7 TS%

3P%36.38.5 3PA/G

ast4.82 TOV/G

stl0.91.3 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 24 overall, 2018

**Walking bucket still searching** for his place in the basketball universe.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

Analysis

Let’s start here: Shooting might be the single most important skill in the
modern NBA, and Simons is one of the best shooters in the world. That alone
makes him a player worth accommodating, even if the particulars of his game
don’t always slot cleanly into a lineup. So what if he’s not a natural
playmaker? Simons has real burst coming off a high screen and enough juice
with the ball in his hands to draw a defense’s attention. That’s not something
to take for granted; plenty of shooters hit a hard ceiling because they never
really develop the means to create for themselves. Simons has taken to that
part of the job quite comfortably. It’s everything else that’s still in
question.

Simons needs to work alongside another playmaker, and he _very much_ needs a
counterpart to defend the point of attack. Portland has struggled to hit both
of those objectives in a single backcourt partner. Perfect fits are hard to
come by, even for a natural scorer with one of the smoothest strokes in the
game. Ultimately, it could make more sense for the Blazers to move Simons to a
tailor-made situation rather than attempting to fashion one themselves. The
particulars with Simons can be a bit limiting for a Portland team in the midst
of an extended rebuild. But plug him into an already competitive roster—with
enough defensive support—and his shooting could transform the whole operation.
Put Simons in support of a proper creator, and suddenly his game makes
complete sense. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

88

Full  
Timeline

1/16

94

2/27

97

3/27

91

4/16

86

6/4

88

Tari Eason  Houston Rockets

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/TariEason-1732046059748-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'8"

Weight 216 lbs

Age 24

Season 2

pts1256.7 TS%

reb6.413.6 REB%

3P%34.23.2 3PA/G

stl1.73.3 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 17 overall, 2022

**Lightning in a bottle of gasoline** , quickly asserting himself as one of
the most overwhelming perimeter defenders in the league.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
GotThatDog1-1704733767241.png)Got That Dog in Him

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

Analysis

The fine folks of Houston have taken a liking to branding Eason, alongside
teammate Amen Thompson, as one-half of the “Terror Twins,” a two-word elevator
pitch in praise of the duo’s demonic defense coverage. Great nickname. But
think about that for a second. Eason plays with such dogged insistence as to
supplant reality: Never mind that Amen, rather famously, has an _actual_
identical twin also in the league—Tari is Amen’s funk soul brother.  

Eason’s Year 3 breakout has been a leaguewide revelation amid Houston’s
shocking pace as dark horse contenders. The breakout might have come even
earlier had he not lost most of his sophomore season recovering from a stress
fracture in his left leg. His effort and intensity jump off the screen and the
spreadsheets; he’s the rare player whose eye test aligns almost exactly with
his glowing metrics. Eason is an athletic, instinctive defensive playmaker
whose 7-foot-2 wingspan and massive yet nimble hands have made him a “stocks”
lord. Steal and block rates have been logged for the past 50 years of NBA
history, and Tari’s [outstanding combination of the
two](https://stathead.com/tiny/JAbZM) over the course of his young career is
exceedingly rare. He has already proved to be a menace on the offensive glass,
with [one of the highest career offensive rebounding percentages in league
history](https://stathead.com/basketball/player-season-
finder.cgi?request=1&match=player_season_combined&order_by=orb_pct&display_type=advanced&ccomp%5B1%5D=gt&cval%5B1%5D=11&cstat%5B1%5D=orb_pct&ccomp%5B2%5D=gt&cval%5B2%5D=2500&cstat%5B2%5D=mp&height_max=80)
among players 6-foot-8 and under. And among his historical cohort, only
Charles Barkley possessed the kind of on-ball creativity Eason has flashed on
offense—which should only improve from here now that he’s gotten his 3-point
shot to league average.

The next step for both Eason and the Rockets is finding out just how much his
production can scale up without losing that edge—or compromising his body.
Eason has already missed nearly a quarter of the season tending to a lower
left leg injury—the same leg that suffered a stress fracture last year.
Because if his battery can withstand 30-plus minutes of hell-raising two-way
play per night, Eason has the makeup of a player worth building an identity
around. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

89

Full  
Timeline

1/16

84

2/27

90

3/27

94

4/16

93

6/4

89

Payton Pritchard  Boston Celtics

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/PaytonPritchard-1733847506582-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'1"

Weight 195 lbs

Age 27

Season 4

pts14.363.3 TS%

3P%40.77.8 3PA/G

reb3.87.3 REB%

ast3.51 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 26 overall, 2020

**Boston’s “We have Curry at home”** (and honestly, it’s pretty good).

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
MovementShooter-1697561750599.png)Movement Shooter

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

Analysis

There are, indeed, perks to being a wallflower on a championship team. You
observe. You find niches in need of filling. You get in where you fit in. And
then, if you’re up to the task, you make yourself indispensable. That has been
the formula for Pritchard, who is putting together a season that warrants a
top spot in Sixth Man of the Year consideration. The numbers tell a pretty
compelling story. Pritchard is one of the league leaders in effective field
goal percentage—nearly every player above him on the leaderboard is at least 8
inches taller than him. He has a claim to being [the most efficient little guy
in league history](https://stathead.com/tiny/UUULg).

There have been a handful of players in NBA history who have attempted 3s at
the rate that Pritchard has while also hitting at least 40 percent—his
accuracy this season is behind only Steph Curry’s two most prolific 3-point
shooting seasons ever. Pritchard has solidified himself as one of the
preeminent movement shooters in the league and has leveraged his off-ball
gravity in other Curry-esque ways. His role as a screener on pindowns and main
actions has become a regular fixture in the Celtics offense, and inverting the
pick-and-roll with one of the two Jays creates spacious driving lanes that
mutualistically leaves Pritchard wide open behind the arc.

Is he mainly a beneficiary of all the attention that every other Celtics star
on the floor draws? Of course he is. But he’s flawlessly playing the hand he’s
been dealt, and in a way that enhances the quality of play of everyone around
him. The Celtics offense approaches historic efficiency when he’s on the floor
and is merely good when he’s off—and that differential in offensive rating is
also the largest any player creates on the team. The math is always on
Boston’s side when he’s out there. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

90

Full  
Timeline

1/16

52

2/27

67

3/27

76

4/16

83

6/4

90

Paul George  Philadelphia 76ers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/PaulGeorge-
new-1733883115697-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'8"

Weight 218 lbs

Age 35

Season 14

pts16.254.3 TS%

3P%35.86.5 3PA/G

reb5.39.3 REB%

stl1.82.8 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

6x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 10 overall, 2010

**The template for the modern two-way wing** , in a fight for his NBA life
against rapid decline.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
MovementShooter-1697561750599.png)Movement Shooter

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PodcastBro-1697561821616.png)Podcast Bro

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

Analysis

There’s a real sadness behind the eyes of every Sixers performance. What was
supposed to be the dawn of a new era, the beginning of a new Big Three that
could immediately challenge the East’s established hierarchy, has become yet
another [rake to the face](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aRq1Ksh-32g) in
Philly’s long history of disappointments. The latest saga in Joel Embiid’s
tortured injury history is by far the biggest concern, both now and moving
forward, but George’s crotch-kicking stinkfest in his debut season isn’t far
behind.

There were signs last year that George’s game was starting to show the wear
and tear of his injury-marred Clippers era—namely, a noticeable lack of
aggression in getting to the basket—but that was offset by career-best
shooting efficiency. But this season, with Embiid persistently (and often
mysteriously) absent and the Sixers forced to rely on a supporting cast of
veteran minimums and young fliers, George’s flaws were exposed. To be fair,
George was thrust into some difficult circumstances, including having to play
backup center for a spell, but Philly needed its max player to perform like
it, and the nine-time All-Star simply didn’t deliver. And if that weren’t
enough, his [unique](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cl_eow__X9s) brand of
[commentary](https://x.com/KyleNeubeck/status/1893503161983287491) only made
the groans induced by his play more guttural.

George was officially shut down for the remainder of the season in mid-
March—about a month after valiantly taking a sabbatical from his podcast to
lock in on his day job. The question now is how toxic the remaining three
years and $162.4 million on George’s contract will become. A fully healthy
Sixers lineup could slot George back into the multidimensional in-between role
he thought he was walking into last summer, but Embiid’s injury troubles are
far from over, and George admitted to receiving PRP injections to battle
through his own physical ailments. It’s possible that the former MVP candidate
will produce more viral social media breakouts than breakout performances from
here on out. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

91

Full  
Timeline

1/16

2/27

3/27

4/16

6/4

91

Aaron Nesmith  Indiana Pacers

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AaronNesmith-1748975385908-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'5"

Weight 215 lbs

Age 25

Season 4

blk0.41.4 BLK%

ast1.20.8 TOV/G

3P%43.14.3 3PA/G

stl0.81.5 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 14 overall, 2020

**Pinpoint shooter** and physical defender skyrocketing up the 3-and-D
hierarchy.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
MovementShooter-1697561750599.png)Movement Shooter

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

Analysis

The Pacers have had great success in recent years unearthing the untapped
potential of young players from other teams, and while Tyrese Haliburton,
Victor Oladipo, and Domantas Sabonis surely top any list of Indy’s
revitalization efforts, Nesmith looks ready to join them.

The former Celtics first-round pick has absolutely scorched the nets this
postseason, hitting half of his 3s over the first three rounds, including an
unbelievable six makes in just five minutes to help rip Game 1 of the Eastern
Conference finals away from the Knicks. But it’s not just the small sample of
the playoffs: Nesmith was one of only six players this NBA regular season to
hit over 43 percent of their 3s on four or more attempts per game. No team
pings the ball around quite like Indy, and a Nesmith catch-and-shoot look has
become one of the most effective punctuations to its frenetic possessions.

Nesmith’s soft skills—most notably his in-between offensive game—have made
noticeable strides this season, but it’s his force on defense that has really
been a difference-maker. Although he doesn’t quite have the prototypical
dimensions for a wing defender at 6-5 with a 6-10 wingspan, he’s powerful and
laterally quick, which has allowed him to hold his ground against star scorers
of all types, whether it be Jalen Brunson’s pirouetting or Giannis
Antetokounmpo’s battering-ram drives. Finding a harmony between high-octane
offense and scrappy defense has propelled the Pacers to their first Finals in
a quarter century, and Nesmith’s fast rise up the rankings of 3-and-D wings is
as responsible for that balance as anyone. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

92

Full  
Timeline

1/16

76

2/27

79

3/27

92

4/16

89

6/4

92

Nikola Vucevic  Chicago Bulls

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/NikolaVucevic-1732046539065-small.png)

Big

Height 6'10

Weight 260 lbs

Age 34

Season 13

pts18.561.1 TS%

reb10.116.9 REB%

blk0.72 BLK%

3P%40.24.4 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 16 overall, 2011

**A walking double-double** with legitimate offensive versatility who’s
nailing the audition for his next team.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PostMoves-1729002751433.png)Post Moves

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/rebounding.png)Rebounding

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
Spacer-1697561734415.png)Spacer

Analysis

Big Vooch has long held the reputation of a solid, ho-hum starting center
gathering good numbers on bad teams—that’s what happens when you’ve competed
in four total playoff series in a 14-year career—but his skill set is actually
exceedingly rare. How many centers these days still have his touch and
footwork down on the low post? How many of those players have reliably hit
from deep for damn near a decade? And then how many of those can leverage
their high-low game to attack the space between on drives? But then how many
from there have the passing chops to actually make plays off the dribble? As
the list winnows, you’re left with All-Stars and All-NBA talents who are
nightly matchup nightmares. And then there’s good ol’ unsuspecting Vooch,
who—even after regressing from a scintillating start to the season—is having
his most efficient season ever.  

Chicago has committed itself to a high-passing offense this season, and
Vucevic’s versatility has been a reliable on-ramp as the ball moves quickly
from inside out and side to side. It's easy to see his elite efficiency in
both post-ups and catch-and-shoot scenarios translating in just about any
offense—and maybe that’s the point. The Bulls may have held on to Vucevic
through the deadline, but sooner or later, the marriage of convenience will
surely come unglued … right? If so, every game Vooch plays is another data
point, another proof of concept, another SOS call. The remarkable numbers are
Vooch’s ticket out of the Bulls’ yearslong residence in purgatory, but his
departure may have to wait until the summer, or maybe the next deadline. —
_Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

93

Full  
Timeline

1/16

98

2/27

92

3/27

93

4/16

90

6/4

93

Dillon Brooks  Houston Rockets

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DillonBrooks-1729027413412-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'7"

Weight 225 lbs

Age 29

Season 7

pts1455.5 TS%

3P%39.76.3 3PA/G

ast1.71 TOV/G

stl0.81.2 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 45 overall, 2017

**Physical pot stirrer whose persona** overshadows some tough shotmaking and
hard-nosed defense.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
LightningRod-1729002743431.png)Lightning Rod

Analysis

Brooks is not for everyone. But if you’re able to look past the excessive
antics, some inefficient stats, unnecessary fouls, and debatable dirty play,
what you’ll see is a valuable two-way wing who found several ways to make the
Rockets a better team last season.

Few veterans were more accepting of a smaller role than Brooks, who sacrificed
shots and touches on a young team that needed those two ingredients to grow.
He handled more thankless tasks (like stranding himself on an island against
the opponent’s top scoring threat every night) and made important subtle
shifts (like significantly cutting back on midrange shots).

In Brooks’s second season with the Rockets, it’ll be interesting to see how
his role continues to evolve on a team that’s even more loaded with up-and-
coming players than it was a year ago. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

94

Full  
Timeline

1/16

88

2/27

3/27

4/16

6/4

94

Mitchell Robinson  New York Knicks

![](/images/icons/exclamation.svg)

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/MitchellRobinson-1748975372387-small.png)

Big

Height 7'0"

Weight 240 lbs

Age 27

Season 6

pts5.167.6 TS%

reb5.920 REB%

blk1.15.8 BLK%

stl0.92.7 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 36 overall, 2018

**Walking personification** of the phrase “board man gets paid.”

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/rebounding.png)Rebounding

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

Analysis

Offensive rebounding has become a lost art in the pace-and-space era, with
some teams outright punting the boards in order to get back on defense. But
Robinson is a Renaissance man. His tree-trunk base and ability to both nimbly
tip the ball to himself over opponents and track caroms off the rim like a
missile defense system have made him not only the premier offensive rebounder
in the league this season, but also one of the best in NBA history. Robinson
averaged 6.1 offensive boards through the first month of the 2023-24 season;
if he keeps it up, he’ll become just the [fourth player ever to average six or
more OREBs](https://stathead.com/basketball/player-season-
finder.cgi?request=1&year_min=1947&display_type=per_g&ccomp%5B1%5D=gt&cval%5B1%5D=5.5&cstat%5B1%5D=orb_per_g),
and the first to do it since Jayson Williams ([the other
one](https://www.nydailynews.com/wp-
content/uploads/migration/2019/12/21/QY6FVEXZWBG6ZLST2BRMZDPJOY.jpg)) 26 years
ago.

Now, it’d be great if he could turn those second-chance opportunities into
easy buckets, but Robinson struggles to break seven points on a good night,
due in no small part to a ghastly free throw percentage. His hands are much
better utilized as blunt instruments on the defensive end, where the 7-footer
is able to rack up deflections and steals and blocks, all while maintaining a
startlingly low foul rate for a physical rim protector. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

95

Full  
Timeline

1/16

2/27

3/27

99

4/16

94

6/4

95

Toumani Camara  Portland Trail Blazers

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ToumaniCamara-1743033122405-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'8"

Weight 220 lbs

Age 25

Season 1

pts11.357.2 TS%

reb5.89.6 REB%

blk0.61.8 BLK%

3P%37.54.6 3PA/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 52 overall, 2023

**Versatile, hounding defender** just waiting for the mainstream to catch on
to his across-the-board impact.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/feel_for_the_game.png)Feel for the Game

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
GotThatDog1-1704733767241.png)Got That Dog in Him

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
PositionalVersatility.png)Positional Versatility

Analysis

Camara is exactly the kind of defender the moribund Suns need. Which is a
shame, because it was the Suns who drafted him at the end of the second round
in 2023 only to trade him three months later. Instead, Camara has quickly
become the heart and soul of a scrappy Trail Blazers team and one of the main
reasons why Portland’s been too good to fully bottom out over the season’s
second half.

In just his second season, Camara has catapulted onto the short list of the
best defenders in the NBA, an “if you know, you know” all-star who draws
praise from all corners of the league—executives, coaches, and even the star
players he’s just tormented for 30-odd minutes. Physically, his profile is a
virtual checklist of the tools you’d want in a modern wing defender: He’s
long, athletic, and mobile, and he’s sturdy as all hell. So while the 24-year-
old Belgian primarily covers the league’s top perimeter scorers, he can
wrestle with Nikola Jokic and Giannis Antetokounmpo, too. He’s also a sharp
processor of the game and has become increasingly snarly as his reputation has
built among officials—which, combined, has led to by far the most charges
taken in the league this season.

That preternatural feel has begun to translate on offense, too. Camara’s
outside shooting has taken a major leap, but his 3-ball is looking more like
an entry pass to playing time rather than the totality of his offensive
offerings. He’s so helpful in so many ways when playing within the flow:
moving the ball, setting structurally sound screens, making timely cuts,
finishing over the top, even putting it on the deck a little to attack a
closeout. So while Camara has the look of a prototypical 3-and-D role player,
he’s just a damn good basketball player that any team would want on their
side. — _Justin Verrier_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

96

Full  
Timeline

1/16

74

2/27

77

3/27

87

4/16

92

6/4

96

Herb Jones  New Orleans Pelicans

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/HerbJones-1728924799413-small.png)

Forward

Height 6'8"

Weight 210 lbs

Age 26

Season 3

pts10.354.1 TS%

stl1.92.8 STL%

blk0.51.3 BLK%

reb3.96.5 REB%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 35 overall, 2021

**Day-ruining defender** showing signs of a burgeoning, all-around game.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/leadership.png)On-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/lockdown_defense.png)Off-Ball Defense

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/shot_blocking.png)Shot Blocking

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/hustle.png)Hustle

Analysis

This was supposed to be the season when it all came together for Jones, but a
shoulder injury took him almost entirely out of commission. It’s a shame for
not just one of the best defenders in the league but a booming developmental
story. Jones had proved himself to be more than just a stopper—though holy
hell, is he that, too. The worst job in the NBA is attempting to shake him
loose. Jones is the kind of perimeter nuisance who—through length and
anticipation—feels as if he’s draped all over you, denying so many passes as
to effectively freeze out his man.

Even still, it never feels like Jones is locked away in his matchup. Part of
what makes him so disruptive in coverage is the way he rotates, wedging his
way into possessions that otherwise wouldn’t involve him. You can steer away
from Jones, but you can’t stop him from jumping the gap or digging down to
poke the ball away. There are plenty of subtle ways that Jones makes the
Pelicans defense more stifling, but many of his plays are loud. He bottles up
superstars. He grabs shots out of midair. He involves himself in ways that
are, frankly, undeniable—at least until an injury knocked him out of the
lineup. It’s a shame that Jones didn’t have the chance to expand his game
again this season. With every passing year, he seems to push further, winning
over coaches and teammates who then empower him at every turn. Jones is still
figuring out what all he can be, and the spiraling Pelicans could certainly
use everything he has to give. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

97

Full  
Timeline

1/16

2/27

94

3/27

94

4/16

95

6/4

97

Jalen Duren  Detroit Pistons

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JalenDuren-1740596855890-small.png)

Big

Height 6'10"

Weight 250 lbs

Age 21

Season 2

pts11.870.3 TS%

reb10.322 REB%

blk1.14.2 BLK%

ast2.71.7 TOV/G

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 13 overall, 2022

**Mammoth big cut from granite** who rebounds everything in sight.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/athleticism.png)Athleticism

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/rebounding.png)Rebounding

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-Finisher.png)Finisher

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

Analysis

There are plenty of holes to poke in Duren’s game. His feet are slow defending
pick-and-rolls, he isn’t a threat to score beyond 3 feet from the basket, and
he’s a turnover machine. But at just 21 years old—with a chiseled physique,
athleticism that perfectly complements Cade Cunningham’s vision, and some
unteachable passing chops that aren’t normally found at the center
position—Duren’s promise is starting to materialize on a Pistons team that’s,
somewhat shockingly, ready to make a little noise in the playoffs.

For the most part, Duren knows what he can and can’t do, an element of self-
awareness that’s critical for a young team learning how to win. He sprints the
floor, creates second-chance opportunities, sets hard screens, and only
attempts shots that have a very good chance of going in. Few humans his size
can glide through the air and effortlessly dunk an ambitious lob that would
otherwise sail into the crowd. It’d be nice if Duren could space the floor a
bit or even just pop out and knock down the occasional 16-footer. But the pros
are beginning to silence the cons. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

98

Full  
Timeline

1/16

79

2/27

95

3/27

88

4/16

82

6/4

98

Jalen Green  Houston Rockets

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JalenGreen-1729000006834-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'4"

Weight 186 lbs

Age 23

Season 3

pts2154.4 TS%

3P%35.48.1 3PA/G

ast3.42.5 TOV/G

stl0.91.3 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 2 overall, 2021

**Stupefying athlete** with the veneer of an elite scorer. If only the
underlying numbers painted the same portrait.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/athleticism.png)Athleticism

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
HumanHighlight.png)Human Highlight

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

Analysis

Green seems to go on an annual 15- to 20-game heater to remind the world of
just how talented he is. He’s untouchable during those stretches, during which
he manages to correct the gap between the numbers and the eye test. Green hang
glides in the air after leaping off two feet. He is a bolt of lightning when
he splits double-teams out of a pick-and-roll en route to the basket. His
jumper is pretty. His _game_ is pretty. Flashes abound. In those pockets of
standout play, the dream remains intact: explosive downhill finishing,
efficient pull-up shooting at obscene volumes, reliable secondary playmaking.
Alas, it never sticks. Maddening inconsistency has been the one constant
across the former no. 2 pick’s first four seasons. He is nitroglycerin on the
hardwood: fluid, explosive, and often self-destructive in suboptimal
conditions.

In between these prolonged flashes, Houston has developed an identity that’s
squeezed Green out—he hasn’t been able to organize the offense whenever Fred
VanVleet is out, and his own scoring outbursts often come at the expense of
the team’s overall offensive integrity. The on/off splits are damning: The
Rockets’ net rating damn near resembles that of the 2024 championship-winning
Celtics whenever Green _isn’t_ on the floor. Houston needs something to
change; so does Green. The three-year poison pill extension he signed early in
the season made him nearly impossible to trade before the deadline, but
depending on how the Rockets close out the rest of the season, Green could be
one of the prime trade candidates of the summer. You don’t find 23-year-olds
with elite traits available on the market very often. It might be only a
matter of time before Green hits, err, greener pastures. — _Danny Chau_

Read the full analysis

![](/images/icons/trending-up.svg)

99

Full  
Timeline

1/16

2/27

3/27

100

4/16

96

6/4

99

Jordan Poole  Washington Wizards

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/PooleWizards01-1702522152850-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'4"

Weight 194 lbs

Age 25

Season 5

pts20.559.1 TS%

ast4.53 TOV/G

3P%37.89.1 3PA/G

stl1.32 STL%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

1x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

0x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 28 overall, 2019

**Audacious, jitterbug creator** showing some—some!—newfound restraint.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ball_handling.png)Ballhandling

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
FastAndLoose-1697561715605.png)Fast and Loose

Analysis

We’re just as surprised as you are. Poole has spent much of his time as a
Wizard (and much of his _career_ , for that matter) out in the
wilderness—indulging his every want, following his baser instincts, and living
without much regard for anything beyond himself. Yet when you watch Poole
these days, you can see a slight bend toward a healthier balance. He is still,
ultimately, Jordan Poole. He’ll make truly baffling decisions—shots, moves, or
otherwise—in just about every game he plays. Where he’s changing is in the
sheer volume of those blunders and in the counterweight of everything else he
brings to the table.

Poole has always had the juice. The great variable in his play—that swings him
from title contributor to walking meme—is what he does with it. Lately, Poole
is attacking in bursts, which leaves room for him to dance with the ball so
long as he doesn’t drift into more elaborate routines. He’s a scorer best
served by having a little structure. That’s a little harder to come by in
Washington, but Poole has deferred to some of his new veteran teammates and
even made space for the younger Wizards to expand their games. The way he
plays isn’t for everyone, but that’s true of every gunner. They all have their
quirks. Poole just has fewer of them than he used to. — _Rob Mahoney_

Read the full analysis

100

Full  
Timeline

1/16

82

2/27

83

3/27

85

4/16

100

6/4

100

Bradley Beal  Phoenix Suns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/BradleyBeal-1729027313166-small.png)

Guard

Height 6'4"

Weight 207 lbs

Age 31

Season 12

pts1759.8 TS%

3P%38.65 3PA/G

ast3.71.9 TOV/G

reb3.35.8 REB%

![](/images/icons/rings.svg)

0x  
Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps.svg)

0x  
MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba.svg)

1x  
All-NBA

DRAFTED No. 3 overall, 2012

**Bench ball handler** who can score, make plays, and dishearten his team’s
fan base.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
InjuryConcerns.png)Injury Concerns

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbadraft-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ball_handling.png)Ballhandling

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-PullUpThreat.png)Pull-
up Threat

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/NBABadges-
MovementShooter-1697561750599.png)Movement Shooter

Analysis

It’s hard to separate the benefits of Beal’s on-court production from how
detrimental his contract is to Phoenix’s bottom line. He is still an efficient
scorer, but he comes off the bench for a disconcerting team that has the
highest payroll in NBA history. His no-trade clause has been an 18-inch thorn
in Suns owner Mat Ishbia’s side, and his defensive shortcomings make him an
atrocious fit next to Kevin Durant and Devin Booker.

It was fair to have high expectations for Beal in Mike Budenholzer’s offensive
system, but his 3-point rate is barely higher than last season, and he’s
taking fewer shots at the rim and _more_ long 2s. This is an undeniable
talent, but it’s unclear whether he makes sense in a winning context. This is
a disastrous situation for the Suns that’s likely to get worse before it
improves. — _Michael Pina_

Read the full analysis

## BILL SIMMONS’STRADE VALUE  
RANKINGS

Updated Jan 30

My first edition of 2025’s NBA Trade Value list includes an astonishing 85
players, and honestly? I could have stretched it to 90. Was I becoming a soft
grader? Did all that New Hampshire skunk weed in the late ’90s finally fry my
brain? Should I cut down on the morning smoothies of testosterone, ivermectin,
and raw milk that RFK Jr. told me about? Or was the National Basketball
Association just becoming THAT deep and THAT good?

Well, we know it couldn’t be that last reason. After all, the NBA sucks!
Ratings are way down! No young stars! Too many 3s! Too many teams! Too many
games! Too many international players! Too much money! Too many stars resting!
For God’s sake, YOU DON’T EVEN NEED TO WATCH THE REGULAR SEASON ANYMORE!

If you actually feel that way, grab my hand and let’s hop in a time machine
back to the 2007 playoffs. Everyone remembers Young LeBron dragging a limited
Cavaliers team to the Finals, highlighted by his 48-point masterpiece against
Detroit (a truly thrilling moment). And everyone remembers San Antonio easily
sweeping Cleveland, then Tony Parker stealing the Finals MVP from Tim Duncan
in our never-ending attempt to undermine Duncan’s legacy. But the league
itself was definitely worse than you remember.

For instance, this was Cleveland’s 2007 playoff rotation: LeBron, Zydrunas
Ilgauskas, Larry Hughes, Drew Gooden, Sasha Pavlovic, Boobie Gibson, Haywoode
Jablome, Anderson Varejão, Eric Snow, Donyell Marshall. I made up only one of
those names. Even with LeBron, how many games would they win today? Are they
better than the 2025 Blazers? Are they better than the Pelicans? What’s the
FanDuel win total over/under for them? 26.5?

In 2007, the Cavs swept the Wizards in Round 1 as Joe House sadly stuffed his
face with Popeye’s and prayed they wouldn’t give an injured Gilbert Arenas a
massive nine-figure extension. (Spoiler alert: They did.) Washington’s playoff
rotation: Antawn Jamison, Antonio Daniels, Jarvis Hayes, Darius Songaila,
Colon Blowe, Roger Mason, DeShawn Stevenson, Etan Thomas, Brendan Haywood. I
made up only one of those names. But even with a healthy Gilbert dropping 30 a
night, are those dudes better than LaMelo’s Hornets in 2025?

In Round 2, Cleveland dispatched the Nets in six games. New Jersey’s playoff
rotation: Vince Carter, Slowing Down A Little Jason Kidd, Richard Jefferson,
Mikki Moore, Bostjan Nachbar, Antoine Wright, Josh Boone, Marcus Williams,
Jason Collins. THAT WAS A FINAL EIGHT PLAYOFF TEAM. It’s shocking even now …
so shocking that the Nets just retired Vince’s jersey even though he played
there for only four-plus years and never won a Round 2 playoff series. He
dragged us to Round 2 with Nachbar, Boone, and Moore … raise him to the
rafters!

Even with Duncan, Kobe, LeBron, KG, Nash, Wade, Dirk, Yao, T-Mac, Pierce,
Iverson, Amar’e, Carmelo, CP3, Dwight, Gasol, Bosh, Manu, Marion, and Ray
Allen leading the way in 2007, we didn’t have anything remotely approaching
the higher-end depth of today. I stretched my [2006-07 Trade Value
column](https://grantland.com/features/sports-guys-vault-nba-trade-
value-2006/) to 40 guys with the likes of Chris Kaman and post-melee Ron
Artest. I repeat: post-melee Ron Artest. That’s how shallow the league was.
You talked yourself into trade assets, even guys who had recently tried to
fight entire rows of people at a live sporting event.

This season has the opposite problem. The Pelicans have Zion Williamson,
Dejounte Murray, CJ McCollum, Trey Murphy III, Herb Jones, Yves Missi, and
Brandon Ingram and they’re 12-36. Granted, they’ve had some injuries, Zion is
a roller coaster ride, and New Orleans is genuinely haunted as a basketball
city. The team needs either a relocation or an exorcism. But still. Twelve and
36? The Suns and Kings each have two top-30 Trade Value guys and they’re
basically .500 teams. The Warriors have Steph and a deep roster, and yet
they’re .500 and desperate—so desperate, they might talk themselves into a
Jimmy Butler trade even as he’s trying to break the all-time NBA Saboteur
record in Miami right now. (Look out, Dennis Rodman!)

We worry constantly about the NBA’s future after Curry and LeBron leave
because, I mean, what will happen to the ratings for a league that (a) is
about to watch the Celtics sell for over $6 billion; (b) is about to stick two
$6 billion expansion teams in Vegas and either Mexico City, Nashville or
Seattle; and (c) just signed a $76 billion media deal? Oh no! Our ratings are
down! Here, wipe your tears with these $100 bills!

Meanwhile, the league is deeper than ever. There are two to three terrific
games every single night and a slew of young stars. The best 10 players right
now—Jokic, SGA, Luka, Tatum, Giannis, Brunson, Mitchell, Wemby, Edwards, and
Davis—are all 30 or under except for Davis (and he’s 31). Wemby looks like a
future generational superstar. Jokic somehow evolved into Bird 2.0 crossed
with Magic 2.0 in Randy Quaid’s body. SGA is submitting one of the single best
guard seasons of the last 50 years. Brunson legitimately saved the Knicks and
made their fans say things like, “I kinda like Jim Dolan now.” Houston and
Memphis are two loaded young teams that actually give a shit. I could keep
going. Can we be more positive, please? Even Joel Embiid has played 44 more
career games than he’s missed. Things are great.

As for 2025’s Trade Value list, please listen to [Tuesday’s preview podcast
with Ryen
Russillo](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5p0V524TkgWwkqnY8MfVUb?si=B4e8Xg08RXOLHIxAFrtCXg),
where he helped me sort out my final list. No other podcast episode is giving
you a 10-minute Scottie Barnes argument, I promise you. I’m happy to report we
have a new no. 1—Victor Wembanyama, the first alien to win the Trade Value
column—and that there’s a 29 percent chance that this list will be remembered
as “The week Simmons probably got a little too excited about Amen Thompson.”
Remember: This isn’t a player rankings list. It’s a list of TRADE ASSETS.
Who’s the most untradable player in the league? Who’s no. 2? And so on. The
rules …

**Rule no. 1:** Salaries matter

**Rule no. 2:** Age matters

**Rule no. 3:** Contract length matters

**Rule no. 4:** Happiness matters; so does durability

**Rule no. 5:** Bizarre real-life trades SHOULD affect the list

**Rule no. 6:** Concentrate on degrees

That’s why Tatum vs. Giannis became such a fun Trade Value argument on our
podcast. The 26-year-old Tatum is a top-five player playing the best he’s ever
played. Giannis remains slightly more impactful, mostly because he’s not 100
percent human. But Giannis is three and a half years older, with four more
seasons of wear and tear than Tatum, which may or may not matter because,
again, Giannis isn’t 100 percent human. Would you rather have Tatum’s entire
prime (we’re in it right now) and all of his 30s, or Giannis IN his 30s? Which
team says no faster? That’s the Trade Value game in a nutshell.

![Grid of players](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/default/TradeValueOpener25_1318x1350_012825-1738083204130.jpg)

Honorable Mention Second Apron Casualties Solid Assets Who Can't Believe They
Didn't Crack the Top 80 Toughest Omissions Group O Quality AssetsGroup N
“Before This Second-Apron Shit, I Absolutely Would’ve Hung Up … but, Um, What
Are You Thinking?”Group M Possible Studs on Rookie DealsGroup L “Nope, He’s
Worth Way More to Us Than to You”Group K “Sorry I Can’t Answer Your Call, I’m
Taking a Long, Sad Walk, Please Leave a Message After The Beep”Group J
Valuable Assets on Very Good ContractsGroup I Valuable Assets on Not-As-Good
ContractsGroup H “You Realize He Has a No-Trade Clause and He’s 40,
Right?”Group G “If You Tell Shams, I’ll Deny It to the Death … but I Am
Absolutely, Unequivocally, 100% Listening”Group F “Lemme Save You Some Time:
F-U-C-K N-O”Group E “Sorry, We’re Pot-Committed Here”Group D Budding Franchise
GuysGroup C Only If They Made Us Do ItGroup B  The UntouchablesGroup A
Completely and Utterly Untouchable

Honorable Mention

Second Apron Casualties

Solid Assets Who Can't Believe They Didn't Crack the Top 80

Toughest Omissions

Group O Quality Assets

Group N “Before This Second-Apron Shit, I Absolutely Would’ve Hung Up … but,
Um, What Are You Thinking?”

Group M Possible Studs on Rookie Deals

Group L “Nope, He’s Worth Way More to Us Than to You”

Group K “Sorry I Can’t Answer Your Call, I’m Taking a Long, Sad Walk, Please
Leave a Message After The Beep”

Group J Valuable Assets on Very Good Contracts

Group I Valuable Assets on Not-As-Good Contracts

Group H “You Realize He Has a No-Trade Clause and He’s 40, Right?”

Group G “If You Tell Shams, I’ll Deny It to the Death … but I Am Absolutely,
Unequivocally, 100% Listening”

Group F “Lemme Save You Some Time: F-U-C-K N-O”

Group E “Sorry, We’re Pot-Committed Here”

Group D Budding Franchise Guys

Group C Only If They Made Us Do It

Group B  The Untouchables

Group A Completely and Utterly Untouchable

![Caret](/images/icons/triangle.svg)

Honorable Mention

Jaden IveyGuard, Detroit PistonsDetroit Pistons, Guard

Scoot HendersonGuard, Portland Trail BlazersPortland Trail Blazers, Guard

Keyonte GeorgeGuard, Utah JazzUtah Jazz, Guard

Collin SextonGuard, Utah JazzUtah Jazz, Guard

Shaedon SharpeGuard, Portland Trail BlazersPortland Trail Blazers, Guard

Jordan HawkinsGuard, N.O. PelicansN.O. Pelicans, Guard

Aaron NesmithGuard, Indiana PacersIndiana Pacers, Guard

Cam WhitmoreForward, Houston RocketsHouston Rockets, Forward

Donte DiVincenzoGuard, Minnesota TimberwolvesMinnesota Timberwolves, Guard

Gradey DickGuard, Toronto RaptorsToronto Raptors, Guard

Santi AldamaForward, Memphis GrizzliesMemphis Grizzlies, Forward

Matas BuzelisForward, Chicago BullsChicago Bulls, Forward

Jordan PooleGuard, Washington WizardsWashington Wizards, Guard

GG JacksonForward, Memphis GrizzliesMemphis Grizzlies, Forward

Second Apron Casualties

Kawhi LeonardForward, L.A. ClippersL.A. Clippers, Forward

Jimmy ButlerForward, Golden State WarriorsGolden State Warriors, Forward

Paul GeorgeForward, Philadelphia 76ersPhiladelphia 76ers, Forward

Brandon IngramForward, Toronto RaptorsToronto Raptors, Forward

Julius RandleForward, Minnesota TimberwolvesMinnesota Timberwolves, Forward

Rudy GobertBig, Minnesota TimberwolvesMinnesota Timberwolves, Big

Solid Assets Who Can't Believe They Didn't Crack the Top 80

Alex CarusoGuard, Oklahoma City ThunderOklahoma City Thunder, Guard

DeMar DeRozanForward, Sacramento KingsSacramento Kings, Forward

Anfernee SimonsGuard, Portland Trail BlazersPortland Trail Blazers, Guard

Josh GiddeyGuard, Chicago BullsChicago Bulls, Guard

Jalen GreenGuard, Houston RocketsHouston Rockets, Guard

P.J. WashingtonForward, Dallas MavericksDallas Mavericks, Forward

Draymond GreenBig, Golden State WarriorsGolden State Warriors, Big

Toughest Omissions

Jonathan KumingaForward, Golden State WarriorsGolden State Warriors, Forward

Nikola VucevicBig, Chicago BullsChicago Bulls, Big

Ausar ThompsonForward, Detroit PistonsDetroit Pistons, Forward

Anthony BlackGuard, Orlando MagicOrlando Magic, Guard

Jaden McDanielsForward, Minnesota TimberwolvesMinnesota Timberwolves, Forward

Payton PritchardGuard, Boston CelticsBoston Celtics, Guard

Reed SheppardGuard, Houston RocketsHouston Rockets, Guard

Donovan ClinganBig, Portland Trail BlazersPortland Trail Blazers, Big

Rob DillinghamGuard, Minnesota TimberwolvesMinnesota Timberwolves, Guard

Isaiah StewartBig, Detroit PistonsDetroit Pistons, Big

Mark WilliamsBig, Charlotte HornetsCharlotte Hornets, Big

Jeremy SochanForward, San Antonio SpursSan Antonio Spurs, Forward

Bennedict MathurinForward, Indiana PacersIndiana Pacers, Forward

Group O Quality Assets

85

Dejounte Murray  

Guard, New Orleans Pelicans

New Orleans Pelicans, Guard

Age28, 8 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 180 ilbs

DraftedNo. 29 overall, 2016

pts17.549.4 TS%

3P%29.95.6 3PA/G

ast7.43.4 TOV/G

stl23 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $29.5M’25-26: $31.6M’26-27: $33.6M

![Dejounte Murray Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DejounteMurray-1738077343019-xsmall.png)

84

Andrew Nembhard  

Guard, Indiana Pacers

Indiana Pacers, Guard

Age25, 2 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 193 lbs

DraftedNo. 31 overall, 2022

pts1054.5 TS%

ast51.7 TOV/G

3P%29.12.7 3PA/G

stl1.22 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $2M'25-26 $18.1M'26-27 $19.6M

![Andrew Nembhard Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AndrewNembhard-1738177563235-xsmall.png)

83

Tari Eason  

Forward, Houston Rockets

Houston Rockets, Forward

Age24, 2 Seasons

Height/Weight6'8" / 216 lbs

DraftedNo. 17 overall, 2022

pts1256.7 TS%

reb6.413.6 REB%

3P%34.23.2 3PA/G

stl1.73.3 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $3.7M’25-26: $5.7M

![Tari Eason Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/TariEason-1738158895087-xsmall.png)

82

Jaylen Wells  

Guard, Memphis Grizzlies

Memphis Grizzlies, Guard

Age21, 0 Season

Height/Weight6'7" / 206 lbs

DraftedNo. 39 overall, 2024

pts10.456\. TS%

3P%35.25 3PA/G

reb3.46.9 REB%

stl0.61 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $1.2M'25-26 $2M’26-27: $2.3M

![Jaylen Wells Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JaylenWells-1738083076217-xsmall.png)

81

Herb Jones  

Forward, New Orleans Pelicans

New Orleans Pelicans, Forward

Age26, 3 Seasons

Height/Weight6'8" / 210 lbs

DraftedNo. 35 overall, 2021

pts10.354.1 TS%

stl1.92.8 STL%

blk0.51.3 BLK%

reb3.96.5 REB%

SALARY’24-25: $13M’25-26: $13.9M’26-27: $14.9M

![Herb Jones Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/HerbJones-1738077483337-xsmall.png)

80

Jared McCain  

Guard, Philadelphia 76ers

Philadelphia 76ers, Guard

Age21, 0 Season

Height/Weight6'2" / 195 lbs

DraftedNo. 16 overall, 2024

pts15.358.9 TS%

3P%38.35.8 3PA/G

ast2.61.6 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $4M’25-26: $4.2M’26-27: $4.4M

![Jared McCain Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JaredMcCain-1738083096417-xsmall.png)

79

Walker Kessler  

Big, Utah Jazz

Utah Jazz, Big

Age23, 2 Seasons

Height/Weight7'1" / 204 lbs

DraftedNo. 22 overall, 2022

pts11.166 TS%

reb12.221.9 REB%

blk2.47.4 BLK%

ast1.71.5 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $3M’25-26: $4.9M

![Walker Kessler Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/WalkerKessler-1738083112501-xsmall.png)

78

Coby White  

Guard, Chicago Bulls

Chicago Bulls, Guard

Age25, 5 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 195 lbs

DraftedNo. 7 overall, 2019

pts20.460.1 TS%

3P%377.9 3PA/G

reb3.75.8 REB%

ast4.52.4 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $12M’25-26: $12.9M

![Coby White Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/CobyWhite-1738083126743-xsmall.png)

77

Jabari Smith Jr.  

Big, Houston Rockets

Houston Rockets, Big

Age22, 2 Seasons

Height/Weight6'10" / 220 lbs

DraftedNo. 3 overall, 2022

pts12.256.2 TS%

3P%35.44.9 3PA/G

reb712.4 REB%

blk0.72.1 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $9.8M’25-26: $12.4M

![Jabari Smith Jr. Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JabariSmith-1738077616793-xsmall.png)

76

De'Andre Hunter  

Forward, Cleveland Cavaliers

Cleveland Cavaliers, Forward

Age27, 5 Seasons

Height/Weight6'8" / 220 lbs

DraftedNo. 4 overall, 2019

pts1762.3 TS%

3P%40.56.1 3PA/G

reb48.1 REB%

ast1.41.3 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $21.7M’25-26: $23.3M'26-27 $24.9M

![De'Andre Hunter Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DeAndreHunter-
Cavs-1739547087660-xsmall.png)

75

Cam Johnson  

Forward, Brooklyn Nets

Brooklyn Nets, Forward

Age29, 5 Seasons

Height/Weight6'8" / 210 lbs

DraftedNo. 11 overall, 2019

pts18.863.2 TS%

3P%397.2 3PA/G

stl0.91.5 STL%

ast3.41.7 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $22.5M’25-26: $20.5M’26-27: $22.5M

![Cam Johnson Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/CamJohnson-1738077653371-xsmall.png)

Group N “Before This Second-Apron Shit, I Absolutely Would’ve Hung Up … but,
Um, What Are You Thinking?”

74

Kristaps Porzingis  

Big, Boston Celtics

Boston Celtics, Big

Age29, 9 Seasons

Height/Weight7'3" / 240 lbs

DraftedNo. 4 overall, 2015

pts19.561.8 TS%

reb6.812.8 REB%

blk1.54.8 BLK%

3P%41.26 3PA/G

SALARY’24-25: $29.3M’25-26: $30.7M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![Kristaps Porzingis Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KristapsPorzingis-1738077674070-xsmall.png)

73

Aaron Gordon  

Forward, Denver Nuggets

Denver Nuggets, Forward

Age29, 10 Seasons

Height/Weight6'9" / 220 lbs

DraftedNo. 4 overall, 2014

pts14.765 TS%

reb4.89.4 REB%

blk0.30.9 BLK%

3P%43.63.4 3PA/G

SALARY’24-25: $22.8M’25-26: $22.8M’26-27: $32M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![Aaron Gordon Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AaronGordon-1738077692294-xsmall.png)

72

Zach LaVine  

Guard, Sacramento Kings

Sacramento Kings, Guard

Age30, 10 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 200 lbs

DraftedNo. 13 overall, 2014

pts23.363.9 TS%

3P%44.67.2 3PA/G

stl0.81.1 STL%

ast4.22.8 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $43M’25-26: $46M’26-27: $49M

![Zach LaVine Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ZachLavine-
Kings-1739547185679-xsmall.png)

71

Damian Lillard  

Guard, Milwaukee Bucks

Milwaukee Bucks, Guard

Age34, 12 Seasons

Height/Weight6'2" / 195 lbs

DraftedNo. 6 overall, 2012

pts24.962.1 TS%

3P%37.69 3PA/G

ast7.12.8 TOV/G

stl1.21.6 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $48.8M’25-26: $54.1M’26-27: $58.5M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

7x All-NBA

![Damian Lillard Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DamianLillard-1738077709905-xsmall.png)

70

Jrue Holiday  

Guard, Portland Trail Blazers

Portland Trail Blazers, Guard

Age35, 15 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 205 lbs

DraftedNo. 17 overall, 2009

pts11.156.5 TS%

ast3.91.2 TOV/G

3P%35.34.9 3PA/G

stl1.11.7 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $30M’25-26: $32.4M’26-27: $34.8M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

2x Champion

![Jrue Holiday Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JrueHoliday-1738077756122-xsmall.png)

69

Pascal Siakam  

Forward, Indiana Pacers

Indiana Pacers, Forward

Age31, 7 Seasons

Height/Weight6'8" / 230 lbs

DraftedNo. 27 overall, 2016

pts20.259.9 TS%

reb6.911.8 REB%

ast3.41.4 TOV/G

stl0.91.3 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $42.2M’25-26: $45.6M’26-27: $48.9M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

2x All-NBA

![Pascal Siakam Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/PascalSiakam-1738077794784-xsmall.png)

Group M Possible Studs on Rookie Deals

68

Bilal Coulibaly  

Forward, Washington Wizards

Washington Wizards, Forward

Age20, 1 Season

Height/Weight6'6" / 195 lbs

DraftedNo. 7 overall, 2023

pts12.351.5 TS%

3P%28.13.8 3PA/G

reb57.8 REB%

ast3.42.1 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $6.9M'25-26 $7.3M'26-27 $9.2M

![Bilal Coulibaly Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/BilalCoulibaly-1738077810853-xsmall.png)

67

Alex Sarr  

Big, Washington Wizards

Washington Wizards, Big

Age20, 0 Season

Height/Weight7'0" / 205 lbs

DraftedNo. 2 overall, 2024

pts1348.2 TS%

reb6.512.5 REB%

blk1.55 BLK%

3P%30.85.1 3PA/G

SALARY’24-25: $11.2M’25-26: $11.8M’26-27: $12.4M

![Alex Sarr Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AlexSarr-1738077850087-xsmall.png)

66

Yves Missi  

Big, New Orleans Pelicans

New Orleans Pelicans, Big

Age21, 0 Season

Height/Weight6'11" / 235 lbs

DraftedNo. 21 overall, 2024

pts9.157.2 TS%

reb8.216.6 REB%

blk1.34.8 BLK%

stl0.50.9 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $3.2M’25-26: $3.4M'26-27 $3.5M

![Yves Missi Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/YvesMissi-1738077890385-xsmall.png)

65

Kel’el Ware  

Big, Miami Heat

Miami Heat, Big

Age21, 0 Season

Height/Weight7'0" / 230 lbs

DraftedNo. 15 overall, 2024

pts9.360.3 TS%

3P%31.51.7 3PA/G

reb7.418.4 REB%

blk1.14.8 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $4.2M’25-26: $4.4M’26-27: $4.7M

![Kel’el Ware Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KelelWare-1738083155482-xsmall.png)

64

Zaccharie Risacher  

Forward, Atlanta Hawks

Atlanta Hawks, Forward

Age20, 0 Season

Height/Weight6'8" / 200 lbs

DraftedNo. 1 overall, 2024

pts12.655.8 TS%

reb3.68 REB%

3P%35.54.6 3PA/G

blk0.51.8 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $12.6M’25-26: $13.2M'26-27 $13.8M

![Zaccharie Risacher Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ZaccharieRisacher-1738078003540-xsmall.png)

63

Cason Wallace  

Guard, Oklahoma City Thunder

Oklahoma City Thunder, Guard

Age21, 1 Season

Height/Weight6'4" / 193 lbs

DraftedNo. 10 overall, 2023

pts8.456.2 TS%

3P%35.63.1 3PA/G

blk0.51.9 BLK%

stl1.83.1 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $5.6M’25-26: $5.8M’26-27: $7.4M

![Cason Wallace Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/CasonWallace-1738078027053-xsmall.png)

62

Dereck Lively II  

Big, Dallas Mavericks

Dallas Mavericks, Big

Age21, 1 Season

Height/Weight7'1" / 230 lbs

DraftedNo. 12 overall, 2023

pts8.770.4 TS%

reb7.517.7 REB%

blk1.65.7 BLK%

stl0.61.2 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $5M’25-26: $5.3M’26-27: $7.2M

![Dereck Lively II Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DereckLivelyII-1738078052717-xsmall.png)

Group L “Nope, He’s Worth Way More to Us Than to You”

61

Devin Vassell  

Guard, San Antonio Spurs

San Antonio Spurs, Guard

Age24, 4 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 200 lbs

DraftedNo. 11 overall, 2020

pts16.355.3 TS%

3P%36.86.7 3PA/G

stl1.32 STL%

ast2.91.4 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $29.3M’25-26: $27M’26-27: $27M

![Devin Vassell Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DevinVassell-1738078081416-xsmall.png)

60

Ivica Zubac  

Big, Los Angeles Clippers

Los Angeles Clippers, Big

Age28, 8 Seasons

Height/Weight7'0" / 240 lbs

DraftedNo. 32 overall, 2016

pts16.864.1 TS%

reb12.621.8 REB%

blk1.13.4 BLK%

stl0.71 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $11.7M’25-26: $18.1M'26-27 $19.6M

![Ivica Zubac Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/IvicaZubac-1738078103169-xsmall.png)

59

James Harden  

Guard, Los Angeles Clippers

Los Angeles Clippers, Guard

Age35, 15 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 220 lbs

DraftedNo. 3 overall, 2009

pts22.858.2 TS%

ast8.74.3 TOV/G

3P%35.28.5 3PA/G

reb5.89.3 REB%

SALARY’24-25: $33.7M’25-26: $36.3M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/mvps-white.svg)

1x MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

7x All-NBA

![James Harden Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JamesHarden-1738078123733-xsmall.png)

58

Trae Young  

Guard, Atlanta Hawks

Atlanta Hawks, Guard

Age26, 6 Seasons

Height/Weight6'1" / 164 lbs

DraftedNo. 5 overall, 2018

pts24.256.7 TS%

ast11.64.7 TOV/G

3P%348.4 3PA/G

stl1.21.6 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $43M’25-26: $46M’26-27: $49M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

1x All-NBA

![Trae Young Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/TraeYoung-1738078180651-xsmall.png)

57

Jamal Murray  

Guard, Denver Nuggets

Denver Nuggets, Guard

Age28, 8 Seasons

Height/Weight6'4" / 215 lbs

DraftedNo. 7 overall, 2016

pts21.458.4 TS%

3P%39.35.9 3PA/G

ast62.1 TOV/G

stl1.41.8 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $36M’25-26: $46.4M’26-27: $50.1M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![Jamal Murray Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JamalMurray-1738078266976-xsmall.png)

56

Tyler Herro  

Guard, Miami Heat

Miami Heat, Guard

Age25, 5 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 195 lbs

DraftedNo. 13 overall, 2019

pts23.960.5 TS%

3P%37.58.7 3PA/G

reb5.28.1 REB%

ast5.52.6 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $29M’25-26: $31M’26-27: $33M

![Tyler Herro Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/TylerHerro-1738078144764-xsmall.png)

55

Isaiah Hartenstein  

Big, Oklahoma City Thunder

Oklahoma City Thunder, Big

Age27, 6 Seasons

Height/Weight7'0" / 250 lbs

DraftedNo. 43 overall, 2017

pts11.259.9 TS%

reb10.720.6 REB%

ast3.81.7 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $30M’25-26: $28.5M’26-27: $28.5M

![Isaiah Hartenstein Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/IsaiahHartenstein-1738078199646-xsmall.png)

Group K “Sorry I Can’t Answer Your Call, I’m Taking a Long, Sad Walk, Please
Leave a Message After The Beep”

54

Joel Embiid  

Big, Philadelphia 76ers

Philadelphia 76ers, Big

Age31, 8 Seasons

Height/Weight7'0" / 280 lbs

DraftedNo. 3 overall, 2014

pts23.858\. TS%

reb8.215.3 REB%

blk0.93.1 BLK%

ast4.53.3 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $51.4M’25-26: $55.2M’26-27: $58M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/mvps-white.svg)

1x MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

6x All-NBA

![Joel Embiid Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JoelEmbiid-1738078292802-xsmall.png)

Group J Valuable Assets on Very Good Contracts

53

Naz Reid  

Big, Minnesota Timberwolves

Minnesota Timberwolves, Big

Age25, 5 Seasons

Height/Weight6'9" / 264 lbs

Drafted

pts14.257.7 TS%

3P%37.95.8 3PA/G

reb612.1 REB%

blk0.93 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $14M’25-26: $15M

![Naz Reid Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/NazReid-1738078315019-xsmall.png)

52

Lu Dort  

Guard, Oklahoma City Thunder

Oklahoma City Thunder, Guard

Age26, 5 Seasons

Height/Weight6'3" / 215 lbs

DraftedNot selected, 2019

pts10.158.6 TS%

3P%41.25.8 3PA/G

stl1.11.8 STL%

reb4.17.6 REB%

SALARY’24-25: $16.5M’25-26: $17.7M’26-27: $17.7M

![Lu Dort Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/LuDort-1738078332252-xsmall.png)

51

Norm Powell  

Guard, Los Angeles Clippers

Los Angeles Clippers, Guard

Age32, 9 Seasons

Height/Weight6'3" / 215 lbs

DraftedNo. 46 overall, 2015

pts21.861.5 TS%

3P%41.87.1 3PA/G

stl1.21.8 STL%

ast2.11.8 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $19.2M’25-26: $20.5M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![Norm Powell Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/NormPowell-1738078383494-xsmall.png)

50

Austin Reaves  

Guard, Los Angeles Lakers

Los Angeles Lakers, Guard

Age27, 3 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 206 lbs

DraftedNot selected, 2021

pts20.261.6 TS%

3P%37.77.3 3PA/G

ast5.82.4 TOV/G

stl1.11.6 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $13M’25-26: $13.9M'26-27 $14.9M

![Austin Reaves Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AustinReaves-1738078400350-xsmall.png)

49

Derrick White  

Guard, Boston Celtics

Boston Celtics, Guard

Age30, 7 Seasons

Height/Weight6'4" / 190 lbs

DraftedNo. 29 overall, 2017

pts16.460.6 TS%

3P%38.49.1 3PA/G

blk1.12.9 BLK%

ast4.81.7 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $20.1M'25-26 $28.1M’26-27: $30.3M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![Derrick White Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DerrickWhite-1738078420865-xsmall.png)

48

Jarrett Allen  

Big, Cleveland Cavaliers

Cleveland Cavaliers, Big

Age27, 7 Seasons

Height/Weight6'9" / 243 lbs

DraftedNo. 22 overall, 2017

pts13.572.4 TS%

reb9.718.8 REB%

blk0.92.9 BLK%

stl0.91.6 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $20M’25-26: $20M’26-27: $28M

![Jarrett Allen Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JarrettAllen-1738078442352-xsmall.png)

Group I Valuable Assets on Not-As-Good Contracts

47

Scottie Barnes  

Forward, Toronto Raptors

Toronto Raptors, Forward

Age23, 3 Seasons

Height/Weight6'8" / 225 lbs

DraftedNo. 4 overall, 2021

pts19.352.3 TS%

reb7.712.6 REB%

ast5.82.8 TOV/G

blk12.8 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $10.1M’25-26: $38.7M'26-27 $41.8M

![Scottie Barnes Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ScottieBarnes-1738078162781-xsmall.png)

46

Alperen Sengun  

Big, Houston Rockets

Houston Rockets, Big

Age22, 3 Seasons

Height/Weight6'9" / 235 lbs

DraftedNo. 16 overall, 2021

pts19.154.5 TS%

reb10.317.5 REB%

blk0.82.3 BLK%

3P%23.31.2 3PA/G

SALARY’24-25: $5.4M’25-26: $33.9M’26-27: $35.6M

![Alperen Sengun Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AlperenSengun-1738078460686-xsmall.png)

45

Lauri Markkanen  

Big, Utah Jazz

Utah Jazz, Big

Age28, 7 Seasons

Height/Weight7'0" / 240 lbs

DraftedNo. 7 overall, 2017

pts1957.1 TS%

3P%34.68.5 3PA/G

reb5.910.1 REB%

blk0.41.1 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $42.2M'25-26 $46.4M’26-27: $46.1M

![Lauri Markkanen Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/LauriMarkkanen-1738078479213-xsmall.png)

44

OG Anunoby  

Forward, New York Knicks

New York Knicks, Forward

Age27, 7 Seasons

Height/Weight6'7" / 231 lbs

DraftedNo. 23 overall, 2017

pts1859.1 TS%

stl1.52 STL%

3P%37.26.2 3PA/G

reb4.87.6 REB%

SALARY’24-25: $36.6M’25-26: $39.6M’26-27: $42.5M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![OG Anunoby Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/OGAnunoby-1707251284941-xsmall.png)

Group H “You Realize He Has a No-Trade Clause and He’s 40, Right?”

43

LeBron James  

Forward, Los Angeles Lakers

Los Angeles Lakers, Forward

Age40, 21 Seasons

Height/Weight6'9" / 250 lbs

DraftedNo. 1 overall, 2003

pts24.460.4 TS%

reb7.812.6 REB%

ast8.23.7 TOV/G

stl11.4 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $48.7M’25-26: $52.6M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

4x Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps-white.svg)

4x MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

20x All-NBA

![LeBron James Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/LebronJames-1738078882413-xsmall.png)

Group G “If You Tell Shams, I’ll Deny It to the Death … but I Am Absolutely,
Unequivocally, 100% Listening”

42

Zion Williamson  

Big, New Orleans Pelicans

New Orleans Pelicans, Big

Age24, 4 Seasons

Height/Weight6'6" / 284 lbs

DraftedNo. 1 overall, 2019

pts24.660 TS%

reb7.213.6 REB%

ast5.33 TOV/G

stl1.22.1 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $36.7M’25-26: $39.4M’26-27: $42.2M

![Zion Williamson Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ZionWilliamson-1738079063937-xsmall.png)

41

LaMelo Ball  

Guard, Charlotte Hornets

Charlotte Hornets, Guard

Age23, 4 Seasons

Height/Weight6'7" / 181 lbs

DraftedNo. 3 overall, 2020

pts25.253.6 TS%

3P%33.911.2 3PA/G

ast7.43.6 TOV/G

stl1.11.8 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $35.1M’25-26: $38M’26-27: $40.8M

![LaMelo Ball Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/LameloBall-1738079082122-xsmall.png)

Group F “Lemme Save You Some Time: F-U-C-K N-O”

40

Stephon Castle  

Guard, San Antonio Spurs

San Antonio Spurs, Guard

Age20, 0 Season

Height/Weight6'6" / 215 lbs

DraftedNo. 4 overall, 2024

pts14.752.2 TS%

ast4.12.2 TOV/G

reb3.77.4 REB%

stl0.91.7 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $9.1M’25-26: $9.6M’26-27: $10M

![Stephon Castle Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/StephonCastle-1738078919734-xsmall.png)

39

Trey Murphy III  

Forward, New Orleans Pelicans

New Orleans Pelicans, Forward

Age24, 3 Seasons

Height/Weight6'9" / 206 lbs

DraftedNo. 17 overall, 2021

pts21.259.8 TS%

3P%36.18.3 3PA/G

stl1.11.5 STL%

blk0.72 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $5.2M’25-26: $25M’26-27: $27M

![Trey Murphy III Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/TreyMurphy-1738078951829-xsmall.png)

38

Josh Hart  

Guard, New York Knicks

New York Knicks, Guard

Age30, 7 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 214 lbs

DraftedNo. 30 overall, 2017

pts13.661.1 TS%

3P%33.33.3 3PA/G

reb9.614.6 REB%

stl1.52 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $18.1M’25-26: $19.5M'26-27 $20.9M

![Josh Hart Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JoshHart-1738078978636-xsmall.png)

37

Dyson Daniels  

Guard, Atlanta Hawks

Atlanta Hawks, Guard

Age22, 2 Seasons

Height/Weight6'8" / 199 lbs

DraftedNo. 8 overall, 2022

pts14.154.5 TS%

reb5.99.6 REB%

stl34.2 STL%

ast4.42 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $6.1M’25-26: $7.7M

![Dyson Daniels Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DysonDaniels-1738078996670-xsmall.png)

36

Desmond Bane  

Guard, Orlando Magic

Orlando Magic, Guard

Age26, 4 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 216 lbs

DraftedNo. 30 overall, 2020

pts19.260 TS%

3P%39.26.1 3PA/G

ast5.32.4 TOV/G

stl1.21.7 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $34M’25-26: $36.7M’26-27: $39.4M

![Desmond Bane Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DesmondBane-1738079015182-xsmall.png)

35

Darius Garland  

Guard, Cleveland Cavaliers

Cleveland Cavaliers, Guard

Age25, 5 Seasons

Height/Weight6'1" / 192 lbs

DraftedNo. 5 overall, 2019

pts20.660 TS%

ast6.72.5 TOV/G

3P%40.17.1 3PA/G

stl1.21.9 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $36.7M’25-26: $39.4M’26-27: $42.2M

![Darius Garland Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DariusGarland-1738079031719-xsmall.png)

34

Jalen Suggs  

Guard, Orlando Magic

Orlando Magic, Guard

Age24, 3 Seasons

Height/Weight6'4" / 205 lbs

DraftedNo. 5 overall, 2021

pts16.253.6 TS%

3P%31.46.9 3PA/G

reb48.1 REB%

ast3.72.9 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $9.2M’25-26: $35M’26-27: $32.4M

![Jalen Suggs Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JalenSuggs-1738079046437-xsmall.png)

Group E “Sorry, We’re Pot-Committed Here”

33

Mikal Bridges  

Forward, New York Knicks

New York Knicks, Forward

Age28, 6 Seasons

Height/Weight6'6" / 209 lbs

DraftedNo. 10 overall, 2018

pts17.658.5 TS%

3P%35.45.6 3PA/G

stl0.91.2 STL%

blk0.51.3 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $23.3M’25-26: $24.9M

![Mikal Bridges Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/MikalBridges-1738079135973-xsmall.png)

32

Kyrie Irving  

Guard, Dallas Mavericks

Dallas Mavericks, Guard

Age33, 13 Seasons

Height/Weight6'2" / 190 lbs

DraftedNo. 1 overall, 2011

pts24.759.4 TS%

3P%40.17.2 3PA/G

ast4.62.2 TOV/G

stl1.31.8 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $41M’25-26: $44M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

3x All-NBA

![Kyrie Irving Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KyrieIrving-1738079157989-xsmall.png)

31

Bam Adebayo  

Big, Miami Heat

Miami Heat, Big

Age27, 7 Seasons

Height/Weight6'9" / 255 lbs

DraftedNo. 14 overall, 2017

pts18.156.1 TS%

reb9.615.5 REB%

blk0.71.9 BLK%

stl1.31.8 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $34.8M’25-26: $37.1M’26-27: $48.7M

![Bam Adebayo Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/BamAdebayo-1738079097077-xsmall.png)

30

Jaylen Brown  

Guard, Boston Celtics

Boston Celtics, Guard

Age28, 8 Seasons

Height/Weight6'6" / 223 lbs

DraftedNo. 3 overall, 2016

pts22.255.5 TS%

reb5.89.3 REB%

3P%32.45.7 3PA/G

stl1.21.7 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $49.7M’25-26: $53.7M’26-27: $57.7M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

1x All-NBA

![Jaylen Brown Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JaylenBrown-1738079173853-xsmall.png)

29

Franz Wagner  

Forward, Orlando Magic

Orlando Magic, Forward

Age23, 3 Seasons

Height/Weight6'10" / 220 lbs

DraftedNo. 8 overall, 2021

pts24.255.8 TS%

3P%29.55.9 3PA/G

ast4.72.3 TOV/G

stl1.31.9 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $7M’25-26: $38.7M’26-27: $41.8M

![Franz Wagner Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/FranzWagner-1738079244131-xsmall.png)

28

Kevin Durant  

Forward, Phoenix Suns

Phoenix Suns, Forward

Age36, 17 Seasons

Height/Weight6'10" / 229 lbs

DraftedNo. 2 overall, 2007

pts26.664.2 TS%

ast4.23.1 TOV/G

reb69.2 REB%

blk1.23.2 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $51.2M’25-26: $54.7M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

2x Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps-white.svg)

1x MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

11x All-NBA

![Kevin Durant Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KevinDurant-1738079114360-xsmall.png)

27

Domantas Sabonis  

Big, Sacramento Kings

Sacramento Kings, Big

Age29, 8 Seasons

Height/Weight6'11 / 241 lbs

DraftedNo. 11 overall, 2016

pts19.165.5 TS%

3P%41.72.2 3PA/G

reb13.922.4 REB%

ast62.9 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $40.5M’25-26: $43.6M’26-27: $46.8M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

2x All-NBA

![Domantas Sabonis Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DomantasSabonis-1738079195217-xsmall.png)

Group D Budding Franchise Guys

26

Tyrese Haliburton  

Guard, Indiana Pacers

Indiana Pacers, Guard

Age25, 4 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 185 lbs

DraftedNo. 12 overall, 2020

pts18.661.6 TS%

ast9.21.6 TOV/G

3P%38.87.7 3PA/G

stl1.42.1 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $42.2M’25-26: $45.6M’26-27: $48.9M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

1x All-NBA

![Tyrese Haliburton Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/TyreseHaliburton-1738079210009-xsmall.png)

25

Ja Morant  

Guard, Memphis Grizzlies

Memphis Grizzlies, Guard

Age25, 5 Seasons

Height/Weight6'2" / 174 lbs

DraftedNo. 2 overall, 2019

pts23.256.3 TS%

ast7.33.7 TOV/G

reb4.17.1 REB%

stl1.21.9 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $36.7M’25-26: $39.4M’26-27: $42.2M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

1x All-NBA

![Ja Morant Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JaMorant-1738079281002-xsmall.png)

24

Tyrese Maxey  

Guard, Philadelphia 76ers

Philadelphia 76ers, Guard

Age24, 4 Seasons

Height/Weight6'2" / 200 lbs

DraftedNo. 21 overall, 2020

pts26.356.2 TS%

3P%33.79.2 3PA/G

ast6.12.4 TOV/G

stl1.82.3 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $35.1M’25-26: $38M’26-27: $40.8M

![Tyrese Maxey Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/TyreseMaxey-1738079229186-xsmall.png)

23

Karl-Anthony Towns  

Big, New York Knicks

New York Knicks, Big

Age29, 9 Seasons

Height/Weight7'0" / 248 lbs

DraftedNo. 1 overall, 2015

pts24.463 TS%

reb12.821 REB%

ast3.12.7 TOV/G

3P%424.7 3PA/G

SALARY’24-25: $49.2M’25-26: $53.1M’26-27: $57.1M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

2x All-NBA

![Karl-Anthony Towns Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/KarlAnthonyTowns-1738079262640-xsmall.png)

22

Brandon Miller  

Forward, Charlotte Hornets

Charlotte Hornets, Forward

Age22, 1 Season

Height/Weight6'9" / 200 lbs

DraftedNo. 2 overall, 2023

pts2154 TS%

3P%35.510.9 3PA/G

reb4.97.6 REB%

blk0.72.1 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $11.4M’25-26: $12M’26-27: $15.1M

![Brandon Miller Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/BrandonMiller-1738079297120-xsmall.png)

21

Jalen Johnson  

Forward, Atlanta Hawks

Atlanta Hawks, Forward

Age23, 3 Seasons

Height/Weight6'9" / 220 lbs

DraftedNo. 20 overall, 2021

pts18.956.9 TS%

reb1015.3 REB%

ast52.9 TOV/G

blk12.6 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $4.5M’25-26: $30M’26-27: $30M

![Jalen Johnson Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JalenJohnson-1738079315760-xsmall.png)

20

Chet Holmgren  

Big, Oklahoma City Thunder

Oklahoma City Thunder, Big

Age23, 1 Season

Height/Weight7'0" / 195 lbs

DraftedNo. 2 overall, 2022

pts1559.9 TS%

3P%37.93.6 3PA/G

reb815.7 REB%

blk2.28.2 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $10.9M’25-26: $13.7M

![Chet Holmgren Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ChetHolmgren-1738079333287-xsmall.png)

Group C Only If They Made Us Do It

19

De'Aaron Fox  

Guard, San Antonio Spurs

San Antonio Spurs, Guard

Age27, 7 Seasons

Height/Weight6'3" / 185 lbs

DraftedNo. 5 overall, 2017

pts23.556\. TS%

ast6.32.8 TOV/G

3P%316.1 3PA/G

stl1.52 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $34.8M’25-26: $37.1M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

1x All-NBA

![De'Aaron Fox Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DeAaronFox-
Spurs-1739547058438-xsmall.png)

18

Stephen Curry  

Guard, Golden State Warriors

Golden State Warriors, Guard

Age37, 15 Seasons

Height/Weight6'3" / 185 lbs

DraftedNo. 7 overall, 2009

pts24.561.8 TS%

3P%39.711.2 3PA/G

ast62.9 TOV/G

stl1.11.7 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $55.8M’25-26 $59.6M’26-27: $62.6M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

4x Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps-white.svg)

2x MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

10x All-NBA

![Stephen Curry Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/StephenCurry-1738079365545-xsmall.png)

Group B  The Untouchables

17

Amen Thompson  

Forward, Houston Rockets

Houston Rockets, Forward

Age22, 1 Season

Height/Weight6'7" / 209 lbs

DraftedNo. 4 overall, 2023

pts14.160.2 TS%

stl1.42.1 STL%

reb8.213.5 REB%

blk1.33.6 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $9.2M’25-26: $9.7M’26-27: $12.3M

![Amen Thompson Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AmenThompson-1738079405907-xsmall.png)

16

Devin Booker  

Guard, Phoenix Suns

Phoenix Suns, Guard

Age28, 9 Seasons

Height/Weight6'5" / 206 lbs

DraftedNo. 13 overall, 2015

pts25.658.9 TS%

3P%33.27.3 3PA/G

ast7.12.9 TOV/G

stl0.91.2 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $49.2M’25-26: $53.1M’26-27: $57.1M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

2x All-NBA

![Devin Booker Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DevinBooker-1738079380030-xsmall.png)

15

Jalen Williams  

Guard, Oklahoma City Thunder

Oklahoma City Thunder, Guard

Age24, 2 Seasons

Height/Weight6'6" / 195 lbs

DraftedNo. 12 overall, 2022

pts21.657.3 TS%

3P%36.54.9 3PA/G

stl1.62.4 STL%

blk0.72.1 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $4.8M’25-26: $6.6M

![Jalen Williams Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JalenWilliams-1738079421623-xsmall.png)

14

Cade Cunningham  

Guard, Detroit Pistons

Detroit Pistons, Guard

Age23, 3 Seasons

Height/Weight6'6" / 220 lbs

DraftedNo. 1 overall, 2021

pts26.156.5 TS%

ast9.14.4 TOV/G

reb6.19.6 REB%

blk0.82.1 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $13.9M’25-26: $38.7M’26-27: $41.8M

![Cade Cunningham Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/CadeCunningham-1738079435742-xsmall.png)

13

Evan Mobley  

Big, Cleveland Cavaliers

Cleveland Cavaliers, Big

Age23, 3 Seasons

Height/Weight6'11" / 215 lbs

DraftedNo. 3 overall, 2021

pts18.563.3 TS%

reb9.316.5 REB%

blk1.64.7 BLK%

stl0.91.4 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $11.2M’25-26: $38.7M’26-27: $41.8M

![Evan Mobley Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/EvanMobley-1738079453148-xsmall.png)

12

Jaren Jackson Jr.  

Big, Memphis Grizzlies

Memphis Grizzlies, Big

Age25, 6 Seasons

Height/Weight6'11" / 214 lbs

DraftedNo. 4 overall, 2018

pts22.259.1 TS%

blk1.54.7 BLK%

3P%37.55.3 3PA/G

reb5.610 REB%

SALARY’24-25: $25.3M’25-26: $23.4M

![Jaren Jackson Jr. Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JarenJacksonJr-1738079468786-xsmall.png)

11

Anthony Davis  

Big, Dallas Mavericks

Dallas Mavericks, Big

Age32, 12 Seasons

Height/Weight6'10" / 253 lbs

DraftedNo. 1 overall, 2012

pts24.758.8 TS%

reb11.619.4 REB%

blk2.26 BLK%

stl1.21.7 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $43.2M’25-26: $54.1M’26-27: $58.5M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

5x All-NBA

![Anthony Davis Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AnthonyDavis-
Mavs-1739547019275-xsmall.png)

10

Jalen Brunson  

Guard, New York Knicks

New York Knicks, Guard

Age28, 6 Seasons

Height/Weight6'2" / 190 lbs

DraftedNo. 33 overall, 2018

pts2660.5 TS%

ast7.32.5 TOV/G

stl0.91.3 STL%

3P%38.36.1 3PA/G

SALARY’24-25: $25M’25-26: $34.9M’26-27: $37.7M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

1x All-NBA

![Jalen Brunson Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JalenBrunson-1738079483501-xsmall.png)

09

Donovan Mitchell  

Guard, Cleveland Cavaliers

Cleveland Cavaliers, Guard

Age28, 7 Seasons

Height/Weight6'1" / 215 lbs

DraftedNo. 13 overall, 2017

pts2457.5 TS%

3P%36.88.9 3PA/G

ast52.1 TOV/G

stl1.32 STL%

SALARY’24-25: $35.4M’25-26: $46.4M’26-27: $50.1M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

1x All-NBA

![Donovan Mitchell Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/DononvanMitchell-1738079497695-xsmall.png)

Group A Completely and Utterly Untouchable

08

Paolo Banchero  

Forward, Orlando Magic

Orlando Magic, Forward

Age22, 2 Seasons

Height/Weight6'10" / 249 lbs

DraftedNo. 1 overall, 2022

pts25.955.1 TS%

reb7.512.5 REB%

blk0.61.7 BLK%

ast4.83 TOV/G

SALARY’24-25: $12.2M’25-26: $15.3M

![Paolo Banchero Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/PaoloBanchero-1738079514097-xsmall.png)

07

Anthony Edwards  

Forward, Minnesota Timberwolves

Minnesota Timberwolves, Forward

Age23, 4 Seasons

Height/Weight6'4" / 225 lbs

DraftedNo. 1 overall, 2020

pts27.659.5 TS%

3P%39.510.3 3PA/G

stl1.21.6 STL%

reb5.78.7 REB%

SALARY’24-25: $42.2M’25-26: $45.6M’26-27: $48.9M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

1x All-NBA

![Anthony Edwards Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/AnthonyEdwards-1738079527822-xsmall.png)

06

Giannis Antetokounmpo  

Big, Milwaukee Bucks

Milwaukee Bucks, Big

Age30, 11 Seasons

Height/Weight7'0" / 243 lbs

DraftedNo. 15 overall, 2013

pts30.462.5 TS%

reb11.919 REB%

ast6.53.1 TOV/G

blk1.23.2 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $48.8M’25-26 $51.9M’26-27: $58.5M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps-white.svg)

2x MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

8x All-NBA

![Giannis Antetokounmpo Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/GiannisAntetokounmpo-1738079578629-xsmall.png)

05

Jayson Tatum  

Forward, Boston Celtics

Boston Celtics, Forward

Age27, 7 Seasons

Height/Weight6'8" / 210 lbs

DraftedNo. 3 overall, 2017

pts26.858.2 TS%

reb8.712.9 REB%

ast62.9 TOV/G

3P%34.310.1 3PA/G

SALARY’24-25: $34.8M’25-26 $54.1M’26-27: $58.5M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

4x All-NBA

![Jayson Tatum Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/JaysonTatum-1738079552131-xsmall.png)

04

Luka Doncic  

Guard, Los Angeles Lakers

Los Angeles Lakers, Guard

Age26, 6 Seasons

Height/Weight6'7" / 230 lbs

DraftedNo. 3 overall, 2018

pts28.258.7 TS%

ast7.73.6 TOV/G

reb8.212.8 REB%

3P%36.89.6 3PA/G

SALARY’24-25: $43M’25-26 $46M’26-27: $49M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

5x All-NBA

![Luka Doncic Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/LukaDoncic-
Lakers-1739547145796-xsmall.png)

03

Shai Gilgeous-Alexander  

Guard, Oklahoma City Thunder

Oklahoma City Thunder, Guard

Age26, 6 Seasons

Height/Weight6'6" / 195 lbs

DraftedNo. 11 overall, 2018

pts32.763.7 TS%

ast6.42.4 TOV/G

stl1.72.4 STL%

blk13 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $35.9M’25-26: $38.3M’26-27: $40.8M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

2x All-NBA

![Shai Gilgeous-Alexander Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/ShaiGilgeousAlexander-1738079604572-xsmall.png)

02

Nikola Jokic  

Big, Denver Nuggets

Denver Nuggets, Big

Age30, 9 Seasons

Height/Weight6'11" / 254 lbs

DraftedNo. 41 overall, 2014

pts29.666.3 TS%

reb12.719.1 REB%

ast10.23.3 TOV/G

stl1.82.4 STL%

SALARY’24-25 $51.4M’25-26 $55.2M’26-27 $59.0M

ACCOLADES

![](/images/icons/rings-white.svg)

1x Champion

![](/images/icons/mvps-white.svg)

3x MVP

![](/images/icons/all_nba-white.svg)

6x All-NBA

![Nikola Jokic Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-theringer-
com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/NikolaJokic-1738079619975-xsmall.png)

01

Victor Wembanyama  

Big, San Antonio Spurs

San Antonio Spurs, Big

Age21, 1 Season

Height/Weight7'4" / 230 lbs

DraftedNo. 1 overall, 2023

pts24.359.4 TS%

3P%35.28.8 3PA/G

reb1117.7 REB%

blk3.810.4 BLK%

SALARY’24-25: $12.8M’25-26: $13.4M’26-27: $16.9M

![Victor Wembanyama Imaage](https://storage.googleapis.com/nbarankings-
theringer-com-
cms/public/media/ringerbasketballhub/players/VictorWembanyama-1738079632148-xsmall.png)

[![Spotify
logo](/images/icons/spotify.svg)](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2t5BlHzTyHf2jzvjzo2K6B)

The Mismatch

The Case for a Pacers Surprise, OKC’s Path to the Finals, and What’s Next for
the Knicks

1:13:00

![Skip back 15 seconds](/images/icons/skip-back.svg)

![Skip forward 15 seconds](/images/icons/skip-forward.svg?t=1234)

[Chorus](https://theringer.com)

  * [Terms of Service](https://www.theringer.com/pages/terms-of-service)
  * [Privacy Notice](https://www.theringer.com/legal/privacy-notice)
  * [Cookie Policy](https://www.theringer.com/legal/cookie-policy)
  * [Do not sell my info](https://www.theringer.com/contact#donotsell)
  * [Communications Preferences](http://theringer.us12.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=9a393473748185dce76bf8339&id=9e93fbf5d6)
  * [Accessibility](https://www.theringer.com/legal/accessibility)
  * [Platform Status](https://status.voxmedia.com)
  * Adjust cookie preferences

  * [Contact](https://theringer.com/contact)
  * [Send Us a Tip](https://theringer.com/contact#tip)

[](https://sbnation.com)

An SB Nation affiliate site

[Advertise with us](https://www.voxmedia.com/vox-advertising)[Jobs @ The
Ringer](https://theringer.com/jobs)

Content ©2021 The Ringer All Rights Reserved

