[![ClutchPoints logo](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/images/assets/ClutchPoints_Logo_Stroke_v2.webp)](/)

  *     * [NBA](/nba "NBA")

Eastern

Atlantic

    * [Boston Celtics](/nba/boston-celtics)
    * [Brooklyn Nets](/nba/brooklyn-nets)
    * [New York Knicks](/nba/new-york-knicks)
    * [Philadelphia 76ers](/nba/philadelphia-76ers)
    * [Toronto Raptors](/nba/toronto-raptors)

Central

    * [Chicago Bulls](/nba/chicago-bulls)
    * [Cleveland Cavaliers](/nba/cleveland-cavaliers)
    * [Detroit Pistons](/nba/detroit-pistons)
    * [Indiana Pacers](/nba/indiana-pacers)
    * [Milwaukee Bucks](/nba/milwaukee-bucks)

Southeast

    * [Atlanta Hawks](/nba/atlanta-hawks)
    * [Charlotte Hornets](/nba/charlotte-hornets)
    * [Miami Heat](/nba/miami-heat)
    * [Orlando Magic](/nba/orlando-magic)
    * [Washington Wizards](/nba/washington-wizards)

Western

Pacific

    * [Golden State Warriors](/nba/golden-state-warriors)
    * [Los Angeles Clippers](/nba/los-angeles-clippers)
    * [Los Angeles Lakers](/nba/los-angeles-lakers)
    * [Phoenix Suns](/nba/phoenix-suns)
    * [Sacramento Kings](/nba/sacramento-kings)

Southwest

    * [Dallas Mavericks](/nba/dallas-mavericks)
    * [Houston Rockets](/nba/houston-rockets)
    * [Memphis Grizzlies](/nba/memphis-grizzlies)
    * [New Orleans Pelicans](/nba/new-orleans-pelicans)
    * [San Antonio Spurs](/nba/san-antonio-spurs)

Northwest

    * [Denver Nuggets](/nba/denver-nuggets)
    * [Minnesota Timberwolves](/nba/minnesota-timberwolves)
    * [Oklahoma City Thunder](/nba/oklahoma-city-thunder)
    * [Portland Trail Blazers](/nba/portland-trail-blazers)
    * [Utah Jazz](/nba/utah-jazz)

  *     * [NFL](/nfl "NFL")

AFC

West

    * [Denver Broncos](/nfl/denver-broncos)
    * [Kansas City Chiefs](/nfl/kansas-city-chiefs)
    * [Los Angeles Chargers](/nfl/los-angeles-chargers)
    * [Las Vegas Raiders](/nfl/las-vegas-raiders)

South

    * [Houston Texans](/nfl/houston-texans)
    * [Indianapolis Colts](/nfl/indianapolis-colts)
    * [Jacksonville Jaguars](/nfl/jacksonville-jaguars)
    * [Tennessee Titans](/nfl/tennessee-titans)

North

    * [Baltimore Ravens](/nfl/baltimore-ravens)
    * [Cincinnati Bengals](/nfl/cincinnati-bengals)
    * [Cleveland Browns](/nfl/cleveland-browns)
    * [Pittsburgh Steelers](/nfl/pittsburgh-steelers)

East

    * [Buffalo Bills](/nfl/buffalo-bills)
    * [Miami Dolphins](/nfl/miami-dolphins)
    * [New England Patriots](/nfl/new-england-patriots)
    * [New York Jets](/nfl/new-york-jets)

NFC

West

    * [Arizona Cardinals](/nfl/arizona-cardinals)
    * [Los Angeles Rams](/nfl/los-angeles-rams)
    * [San Francisco 49ers](/nfl/san-francisco-49ers)
    * [Seattle Seahawks](/nfl/seattle-seahawks)

South

    * [Atlanta Falcons](/nfl/atlanta-falcons)
    * [Carolina Panthers](/nfl/carolina-panthers)
    * [New Orleans Saints](/nfl/new-orleans-saints)
    * [Tampa Bay Buccaneers](/nfl/tampa-bay-buccaneers)

North

    * [Chicago Bears](/nfl/chicago-bears)
    * [Detroit Lions](/nfl/detroit-lions)
    * [Green Bay Packers](/nfl/green-bay-packers)
    * [Minnesota Vikings](/nfl/minnesota-vikings)

East

    * [Dallas Cowboys](/nfl/dallas-cowboys)
    * [New York Giants](/nfl/new-york-giants)
    * [Philadelphia Eagles](/nfl/philadelphia-eagles)
    * [Washington Commanders](/nfl/washington-commanders)

  *     * [MLB](/mlb "MLB")

National

East

    * [Atlanta Braves](/mlb/atlanta-braves)
    * [Miami Marlins](/mlb/miami-marlins)
    * [New York Mets](/mlb/new-york-mets)
    * [Philadelphia Phillies](/mlb/philadelphia-phillies)
    * [Washington Nationals](/mlb/washington-nationals)

Central

    * [Chicago Cubs](/mlb/chicago-cubs)
    * [Cincinnati Reds](/mlb/cincinnati-reds)
    * [Milwaukee Brewers](/mlb/milwaukee-brewers)
    * [Pittsburgh Pirates](/mlb/pittsburgh-pirates)
    * [St. Louis Cardinals](/mlb/st-louis-cardinals)

West

    * [Arizona Diamondbacks](/mlb/arizona-diamondbacks)
    * [Colorado Rockies](/mlb/colorado-rockies)
    * [Los Angeles Dodgers](/mlb/los-angeles-dodgers)
    * [San Diego Padres](/mlb/san-diego-padres)
    * [San Francisco Giants](/mlb/san-francisco-giants)

American

East

    * [Baltimore Orioles](/mlb/baltimore-orioles)
    * [Boston Red Sox](/mlb/boston-red-sox)
    * [New York Yankees](/mlb/new-york-yankees)
    * [Tampa Bay Rays](/mlb/tampa-bay-rays)
    * [Toronto Blue Jays](/mlb/toronto-blue-jays)

Central

    * [Chicago White Sox](/mlb/chicago-white-sox)
    * [Cleveland Guardians](/mlb/cleveland-guardians)
    * [Detroit Tigers](/mlb/detroit-tigers)
    * [Kansas City Royals](/mlb/kansas-city-royals)
    * [Minnesota Twins](/mlb/minnesota-twins)

West

    * [ Athletics](/mlb/athletics)
    * [Houston Astros](/mlb/houston-astros)
    * [Los Angeles Angels](/mlb/los-angeles-angels)
    * [Seattle Mariners](/mlb/seattle-mariners)
    * [Texas Rangers](/mlb/texas-rangers)

  * [NCAAF](https://clutchpoints.com/ncaa-football)
  *     * [WNBA](/wnba "WNBA")

Eastern

    * [Atlanta Dream](/wnba/atlanta-dream)
    * [Chicago Sky](/wnba/chicago-sky)
    * [Connecticut Sun](/wnba/connecticut-sun)

    * [Indiana Fever](/wnba/indiana-fever)
    * [New York Liberty](/wnba/new-york-liberty)
    * [Washington Mystics](/wnba/washington-mystics)

Western

    * [Dallas Wings](/wnba/dallas-wings)
    * [Golden State Valkyries](/wnba/golden-state-valkyries)
    * [Las Vegas Aces](/wnba/las-vegas-aces)
    * [Los Angeles Sparks](/wnba/los-angeles-sparks)

    * [Minnesota Lynx](/wnba/minnesota-lynx)
    * [Phoenix Mercury](/wnba/phoenix-mercury)
    * [Seattle Storm](/wnba/seattle-storm)

  * [HBCU](https://clutchpoints.com/hbcu)
  * [Women's Sports](https://clutchpoints.com/womens-sports)

• • •

  * [NHL](https://clutchpoints.com/nhl "NHL")
  * [NCAAB](https://clutchpoints.com/ncaa-basketball "NCAAB")
  * [Gaming](https://clutchpoints.com/gaming "Gaming")
  * [Entertainment](https://clutchpoints.com/entertainment "Entertainment")
  * [Soccer](https://clutchpoints.com/soccer "Soccer")
  * [NCAA Sports](https://clutchpoints.com/ncaa-sports "NCAA Sports")
  * [Fantasy](https://clutchpoints.com/fantasy-sports "Fantasy")
  * [UFC](https://clutchpoints.com/ufc "UFC")
  * [Golf](https://clutchpoints.com/golf "Golf")
  * [WWE](https://clutchpoints.com/wwe "WWE")
  * [Newsletters](https://clutchpoints.com/newsletters "Newsletters")
  * [Sneakers](https://clutchpoints.com/sneakers "Sneakers")
  * [Clutch Covers](https://clutchpoints.com/clutchcovers "Clutch Covers")
  * [Start Bench Cut](https://clutchpoints.com/play/start-bench-cut "Start Bench Cut")
  * [Sportle](https://clutchpoints.com/play/sportle/nba "Sportle")
  * [Quizzes](https://clutchpoints.com/quizzes "Quizzes")
  * [Videos](https://clutchpoints.com/videos "Videos")
  * [Podcasts](https://clutchpoints.com/podcasts "Podcasts")

[Get The App](https://app.clutchpoints.com/)

[![team-logo](/nba/BOS.png)CELTICS](/nba/boston-celtics)

[![ClutchPoints logo](/cp_logo_w.png)](/)

  * [Home](/nba/boston-celtics)
  * [Roster](/nba/boston-celtics/roster)
  * [Records](/nba/boston-celtics/records)
  * [Stats](/nba/boston-celtics/stats)
  * [Schedule](/nba/boston-celtics/schedule)
  * [Injuries](/nba/boston-celtics/injuries)
  * [Memes](/nba/boston-celtics/memes)

  * [NBA](/nba)
  * [Boston Celtics](/nba/boston-celtics)

# Boston Celtics News, Rumors

[![Winslow Townson-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/05/Celtics-Brad-Stevens-.jpg)Boston CelticsThe real
reason Celtics traded Georges Niang to JazzBrett Siegel · 8 hours
ago](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-news-real-reason-
boston-traded-georges-niang-jazz)

[What Celtics' Jayson Tatum said about injury rehab during Patriots
visitRishav Bhat · 9 hours ago![John Jones-USA TODAY
Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Celtics-Jayson-
Tatum-during-pregame-warmups.jpg)Boston
Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-news-jayson-
tatum-said-injury-rehab-patriots-visit)[2 way-too-early Boston Celtics trade
candidates in 2025-26 seasonRishav Bhat · 16 hours ago![David Butler II-USA
TODAY Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/05/Joe-
Mazzula-makes-blunt-admission-about-Game-2-choke-vs.-Knicks.jpg)Boston
Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/2-boston-celtics-trade-
candidates-2025-26-season)[Celtics' Derrick White jokes about why Jayson Tatum
doesn't 'respect' himDaniel Donabedian · 1 day ago![Jayson Tatum laughing next
to Derrick White](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/Derrick-White-jokes-about-why-Jayson-Tatum-doesnt-
respect-him.jpg)Boston Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics/celtics-news-derrick-white-jokes-jayson-tatum-doesnt-respect-him)[Did
Trae Young hint at possibly joining Celtics one day?Jackson Stone · 1 day
ago![Brian Fluharty-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/Young-vs-the-Celtics-1.jpg)Boston
Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-news-trae-young-
hint-joining-boston)[Celtics' Derrick White sacrificed expensive Mexico
birthday trip for OlympicsJulian Ojeda · 1 day ago![© Brian Fluharty-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/02/Derrick-
White-9-reacts-after-making-a-three-point-basket-.jpg)Boston
Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-news-derrick-
white-sacrificed-mexico-birthday-trip-olympics)[The 1 thing Celtics' Derrick
White always wanted to do to 'cold' Kevin DurantJackson Stone · 1 day
ago![Wendell Cruz-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/Durant-guards-White.jpg)Boston
Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-news-1-thing-
derrick-white-cold-kevin-durant)[Celtics grades for Georges Niang trade, Chris
Boucher signingDaniel Donabedian · 1 day ago![Celtics grades for Georges Niang
trade, Chris Boucher signing](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/Celtics-trade-grade-for-Georges-Niang-deal-with-
Jazz.jpg)Boston Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-
grades-georges-niang-trade-chris-boucher-signing)[NBA rumors: Ben Simmons'
expected decision amid Knicks, Celtics interestZachary Draves · 2 days
ago![Darren Yamashita-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/05/Los-Angeles-Clippers-forward-Ben-
Simmons.jpg)NBA](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/nba-stories/nba-rumors-ben-
simmons-knicks-celtics)[Celtics agree to contract with historic Raptors
champion after Jazz tradeMatty Breisch · 2 days ago![Dale Zanine-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/01/Chris-
Boucher.jpg)Boston Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics/celtics-news-boston-agrees-contract-historic-raptors-champion-jazz-
trade)[Celtics salary dump Kristaps Porzingis trade piece to JazzZachary
Howell · 2 days ago![Dale Zanine-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/Utah-Jazz-forward-Georges-Niang.jpg)Boston
Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-news-boston-
salary-dumps-kristaps-porzingis-trade-piece-jazz)[Celtics' Payton Pritchard
sends championship message despite trades, Jayson Tatum injuryDaniel
Donabedian · 2 days ago![Winslow Townson-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Payton-
Pritchard.jpg)Boston Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics/celtics-news-payton-pritchard-sends-championship-message-despite-
trades-jayson-tatum-injury)[Celtics star Jayson Tatum shares eye-opening IG
post amid recoveryJackson Stone · 2 days ago![Vincent Carchietta-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Tatum-
passes.jpg)Boston Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics/celtics-news-jayson-tatum-eye-opening-ig-post-amid-recovery)[Potential
starting Celtics center underwent offseason knee surgeryDaniel Donabedian · 2
days ago![John Jones-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/Neemias-Queta.jpg)Boston
Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-news-center-
neemias-queta-offseason-knee-surgery)[1 move Boston Celtics should've made in
2025 NBA offseasonRohan Brahmbhatt · 3 days ago![Bob DeChiara-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Porzingis-vs-
the-Hawks-1.jpg)Boston Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics/move-boston-celtics-shouldve-made-2025-nba-offseason1)[Celtics rumors:
Summer League star wants to sign NBA contractJaren Kawada · 4 days ago![Scott
Wachter-USA TODAY Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Charles-Bassey.jpg)Boston
Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-rumors-summer-
league-star-charles-bassey-nba-contract)[Celtics minority owner close to
purchasing SunJulian Ojeda · 5 days
ago![ClutchPoints](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/Boston-minority-owner-close-to-purchasing-
Sun.jpg)Boston Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-
news-boston-minority-owner-close-to-purchasing-sun)[Celtics' Jaylen Brown
makes confession about dealing with depressionJosue Pavon · 1 week ago![Brad
Penner-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Celtics-All-Star-Jaylen-Brown.jpg)Boston
Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-news-jaylen-
brown-makes-confession-dealing-depression)[Celtics' Derrick White drops truth
bomb on 'replacing' Jrue Holiday after tradeDaniel Donabedian · 1 week
ago![Jerome Miron-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Celtics-news-Derrick-White-drops-truth-bomb-on-
replacing-Jrue-Holiday-after-trade.jpg)Boston
Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-news-derrick-
white-truth-bomb-jrue-holiday-trade)[1 final move Boston Celtics must make to
complete 2025 NBA offseasonRohan Brahmbhatt · 1 week ago![Mandatory Credit:
David Butler II-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Philadelphia-76ers-at-Boston-Celtics.jpg)Boston
Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/final-move-boston-
celtics-complete-2025-nba-offseason)[Jayson Tatum's initial reaction to LeBron
James' golf swing is pricelessRexwell Villas · 1 week ago![Kyle Terada-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/United-States-
guard-LeBron-James-6-and-small-forward-Jayson-Tatum-10-react-in-the-first-
half-against-Brazil.jpg)NBA](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/nba-stories/nba-
news-jayson-tatum-initial-reaction-lebron-james-golf-swing-priceless)[Celtics'
Derrick White reveals Gregg Popovich's NSFW message when Spurs traded
himZachary Weinberger · 1 week ago![Bob DeChiara-USA TODAY
Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/06/Derrick-White-
looks-on.jpg)Boston Celtics](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics/celtics-news-derrick-white-reveals-gregg-popovichs-nsfw-message-when-
spurs-traded-him)

[1](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics)[2](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics/pages/2)[3](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics/pages/3)[4](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics/pages/4)[5](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics/pages/5)[6](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics/pages/6)[7](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-
celtics/pages/7)[Next](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/pages/2)

[![ClutchPoints Logo](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/images/assets/ClutchPoints_Logo_Stroke_v2.webp)](/)

[Home](https://clutchpoints.com/)[Terms of
Service](https://clutchpoints.com/terms-of-
service)[About](https://clutchpoints.com/about-us)[Privacy
Policy](https://clutchpoints.com/privacy-policy)[Contact
Us](https://clutchpoints.com/contact-us)[DMCA
Policy](https://clutchpoints.com/dmca-copyright-
policy)[Press](https://clutchpoints.com/press)[Ethics and
Standards](https://clutchpoints.com/editorial-ethics-
standards)[Advertise](https://clutchpoints.com/advertising)[Team](https://clutchpoints.com/meet-
the-team)[Sitemap](https://clutchpoints.com/sitemap)

Follow Us

[](https://www.facebook.com/ClutchPoints)[](https://twitter.com/clutchpoints)[](https://www.instagram.com/clutchpoints)[](https://www.youtube.com/@ClutchPoints)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@clutchpoints)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/clutchpoints/)[](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ClutchPoints)[](https://www.whatsapp.com/channel/0029VakyB8E2v1IljRuyB80p)

Copyright © ClutchPoints.

![](https://pixel.rubiconproject.com/token?pid=49096&us_privacy=1YNY)

✕

Do not sell or share my personal information.

You have chosen to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your information from
this site and any of its affiliates. To opt back in please click the
"Customize my ad experience" link.  
  
This site collects information through the use of cookies and other tracking
tools. Cookies and these tools do not contain any information that personally
identifies a user, but personal information that would be stored about you may
be linked to the information stored in and obtained from them. This
information would be used and shared for Analytics, Ad Serving, Interest Based
Advertising, among other purposes.  
  
For more information please visit this site's Privacy Policy.

CANCEL

CONTINUE

## Your Use of Our Content

✕

The content we make available on this website [and through our other channels]
(the “Service”) was created, developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected,
and/or arranged by us, using our own methods and judgment, and through the
expenditure of substantial time and effort. This Service and the content we
make available are proprietary, and are protected by these Terms of Service
(which is a contract between us and you), copyright laws, and other
intellectual property laws and treaties. This Service is also protected as a
collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and
treaties. We provide it for your personal, non-commercial use only.

You may not use, and may not authorize any third party to use, this Service or
any content we make available on this Service in any manner that (i) is a
source of or substitute for the Service or the content; (ii) affects our
ability to earn money in connection with the Service or the content; or (iii)
competes with the Service we provide. These restrictions apply to any robot,
spider, scraper, web crawler, or other automated means or any similar manual
process, or any software used to access the Service. You further agree not to
violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of this Service, if
any, or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit
access to the Service by automated means.

×

Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.  
  
[Do not sell or share my personal information.](/)

Terms of Content Use

![iiq_pixel](https://sync.intentiq.com/profiles_engine/ProfilesEngineServlet?at=20&mi=10&secure=1&dpi=270675768&iiqidtype=2&iiqpcid=6306646c-d0d9-3dff-9609-892586be9ea2&iiqpciddate=1754611247664&tsrnd=955_1754611247665&fbp=3096982667&jsver=6.123&cz=0%3A768%2C1%3A1366%2C2%3A1%2C3%3A768%2C4%3A1366%2C5%3Aen-
US&dw=1366&dh=768&dpr=1&lan=en-
US&testPercentage=-1&testGroup=T&vrref=https%3A%2F%2Fclutchpoints.com%2Fnba%2Fboston-
celtics&us_privacy=1YNY&gpp=DBABzw~1YNY~BVQqAAAAAgA&gpc=undefined&gdpr=0)

![](https://d9.flashtalking.com/img/img.png?&D9v.CampID=3175&D9r.DeviceID=true&D9c=ftImp&D9v.CCampID=225725&D9c.placementId=9088967&D9v.gdpr=0&D9v.gdpr_consent=&D9v.us_privacy=&cb=INSERT_CACHEBUSTER_HERE&jgcWJtpSQSTGUxIg0xpEcNIBXSiIVBI8jgBAI9sDQiSOBxQklQ9DIZUGbWaYzg==)![](https://data.ad-
score.com/img?&pid=1000925&tt=g&tid=13539&l1=225725&l2=20050&l3=9088967&l4=50126)![](https://pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-1RYxePXT9bCS2.gif?&media=ad&p=0.356&r=212065&rand=1582043857&labels=_qc.imp,_imp.adserver.rtb,_imp.qccampaign.9071862,_imp.flight.0,_imp.lineitem.0&rtbip=192.184.73.204&rtbdata2=EBc6GGh0dHBzOi8vY2x1dGNocG9pbnRzLmNvbVooS3hFd01DNU1PMkF3RURveWYwOGtQSDVJYUdBd1QydG1lQnNUS2xsZoABzpv30gS6ASQyYzg5ZjFiZC1iOWZkLTRiNTgtOTY5Mi0yZGZmMTM1OWMyMWXAAaDdFcgB2tbrt4gz2gEqZTBmNzFlMTUtZGIxOC00YTk2LTljY2ItZTcwMjA0MjVlMGQ1fjgzMH4xsAIIyAIA0ALO4Yb7-J_3zKkB6AK9AfICDQi9ARCizNP_n8OaggvyAg8I6aQcEJri44TsmcrY5gH4AgCKAwczMzg2NDg3kgMJaW5mb2xpbmtzmAMDqAMAsgMEuJg0i7oDEgmvRcArNgtRqxHyOFToERzDrMIDEgk1RQHRPBKzsxFQiUXuVr86gcgDqoqAENgD0aWw8gXiAw9wLTFSWXhlUFhUOWJDUzLqAwDyAwUxMDAzN_gDAIAEsAKKBAI3N5oEEgmWQsT6pxI52hHO_Iq4_n5-raIEEgmvRcArNgtRqxHyOFToERzDrKoEEgmvRcArNgtRqxHyOFToERzDrLgE0AXQBA_yBAJVU4AFAYoFKjIwZDUyN2E0MjEwZGRhYzZmMmFlYmQ2N2I3NzFiYmU5Yjk0MjlkNjcxOZAFAZoFFSDVJ6QhDdrG8q69Z7dxu-m5Qp1nGaIFJDdDOGNXYWdQRTEyNUVoMUZnUTRMZExRYUJraUlLdHpEUmdrPbgFAMAFr9rPjQrIBfbZqQTSBQYIAhABGALoBQaIBgGaBhQKEgmWQsT6pxI52hHO_Iq4_n5-raAGALUG5zpGOboGUgoCVVMSAk5ZGPUDIgpuZXclMjB5b3JrKgUxMDAzNzoYY2hhcnRlciUyMGNvbW11bmljYXRpb25zWhhjaGFydGVyJTIwY29tbXVuaWNhdGlvbnPJBjMIMFqDFbcM0AY42AY44gY_X2ZwLmV2ZW50LkNDIFBhaWQgQ29udmVyc2lvbixfZnAuZXZlbnQuQ0MgVHJpYWwgQ29udmVyc2lvbixfb3Jf6gYRaHR0cHM6Ly9hZG9iZS5jb23xBgAQMFqDFbcMgAcAigcSCTVFAdE8ErOzEVCJRe5WvzqB)![](https://pixel.adsafeprotected.com/rfw/st/2184108/81709831/skeleton.gif?gdpr=0&gdpr_consent=&gdpr_pd=${GDPR_PD}ias_advId=${ACCOUNT_ID}&ias_creativeId=0&ias_campId=9071862&ias_placementId=9195081&adsafe_par&ias_impId=916224703091183616&custom=b3b3123c-d101-4535-813a-bf56ee458950&custom2=ab510b36-2bc0-45af-
acc3-1c11e85438f2&custom3=p-1RYxePXT9bCS2)

