[![ClutchPoints logo](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/images/assets/ClutchPoints_Logo_Stroke_v2.webp)](/)

  *     * [NBA](/nba "NBA")

Eastern

Atlantic

    * [Boston Celtics](/nba/boston-celtics)
    * [Brooklyn Nets](/nba/brooklyn-nets)
    * [New York Knicks](/nba/new-york-knicks)
    * [Philadelphia 76ers](/nba/philadelphia-76ers)
    * [Toronto Raptors](/nba/toronto-raptors)

Central

    * [Chicago Bulls](/nba/chicago-bulls)
    * [Cleveland Cavaliers](/nba/cleveland-cavaliers)
    * [Detroit Pistons](/nba/detroit-pistons)
    * [Indiana Pacers](/nba/indiana-pacers)
    * [Milwaukee Bucks](/nba/milwaukee-bucks)

Southeast

    * [Atlanta Hawks](/nba/atlanta-hawks)
    * [Charlotte Hornets](/nba/charlotte-hornets)
    * [Miami Heat](/nba/miami-heat)
    * [Orlando Magic](/nba/orlando-magic)
    * [Washington Wizards](/nba/washington-wizards)

Western

Pacific

    * [Golden State Warriors](/nba/golden-state-warriors)
    * [Los Angeles Clippers](/nba/los-angeles-clippers)
    * [Los Angeles Lakers](/nba/los-angeles-lakers)
    * [Phoenix Suns](/nba/phoenix-suns)
    * [Sacramento Kings](/nba/sacramento-kings)

Southwest

    * [Dallas Mavericks](/nba/dallas-mavericks)
    * [Houston Rockets](/nba/houston-rockets)
    * [Memphis Grizzlies](/nba/memphis-grizzlies)
    * [New Orleans Pelicans](/nba/new-orleans-pelicans)
    * [San Antonio Spurs](/nba/san-antonio-spurs)

Northwest

    * [Denver Nuggets](/nba/denver-nuggets)
    * [Minnesota Timberwolves](/nba/minnesota-timberwolves)
    * [Oklahoma City Thunder](/nba/oklahoma-city-thunder)
    * [Portland Trail Blazers](/nba/portland-trail-blazers)
    * [Utah Jazz](/nba/utah-jazz)

  *     * [NFL](/nfl "NFL")

AFC

West

    * [Denver Broncos](/nfl/denver-broncos)
    * [Kansas City Chiefs](/nfl/kansas-city-chiefs)
    * [Los Angeles Chargers](/nfl/los-angeles-chargers)
    * [Las Vegas Raiders](/nfl/las-vegas-raiders)

South

    * [Houston Texans](/nfl/houston-texans)
    * [Indianapolis Colts](/nfl/indianapolis-colts)
    * [Jacksonville Jaguars](/nfl/jacksonville-jaguars)
    * [Tennessee Titans](/nfl/tennessee-titans)

North

    * [Baltimore Ravens](/nfl/baltimore-ravens)
    * [Cincinnati Bengals](/nfl/cincinnati-bengals)
    * [Cleveland Browns](/nfl/cleveland-browns)
    * [Pittsburgh Steelers](/nfl/pittsburgh-steelers)

East

    * [Buffalo Bills](/nfl/buffalo-bills)
    * [Miami Dolphins](/nfl/miami-dolphins)
    * [New England Patriots](/nfl/new-england-patriots)
    * [New York Jets](/nfl/new-york-jets)

NFC

West

    * [Arizona Cardinals](/nfl/arizona-cardinals)
    * [Los Angeles Rams](/nfl/los-angeles-rams)
    * [San Francisco 49ers](/nfl/san-francisco-49ers)
    * [Seattle Seahawks](/nfl/seattle-seahawks)

South

    * [Atlanta Falcons](/nfl/atlanta-falcons)
    * [Carolina Panthers](/nfl/carolina-panthers)
    * [New Orleans Saints](/nfl/new-orleans-saints)
    * [Tampa Bay Buccaneers](/nfl/tampa-bay-buccaneers)

North

    * [Chicago Bears](/nfl/chicago-bears)
    * [Detroit Lions](/nfl/detroit-lions)
    * [Green Bay Packers](/nfl/green-bay-packers)
    * [Minnesota Vikings](/nfl/minnesota-vikings)

East

    * [Dallas Cowboys](/nfl/dallas-cowboys)
    * [New York Giants](/nfl/new-york-giants)
    * [Philadelphia Eagles](/nfl/philadelphia-eagles)
    * [Washington Commanders](/nfl/washington-commanders)

  *     * [MLB](/mlb "MLB")

National

East

    * [Atlanta Braves](/mlb/atlanta-braves)
    * [Miami Marlins](/mlb/miami-marlins)
    * [New York Mets](/mlb/new-york-mets)
    * [Philadelphia Phillies](/mlb/philadelphia-phillies)
    * [Washington Nationals](/mlb/washington-nationals)

Central

    * [Chicago Cubs](/mlb/chicago-cubs)
    * [Cincinnati Reds](/mlb/cincinnati-reds)
    * [Milwaukee Brewers](/mlb/milwaukee-brewers)
    * [Pittsburgh Pirates](/mlb/pittsburgh-pirates)
    * [St. Louis Cardinals](/mlb/st-louis-cardinals)

West

    * [Arizona Diamondbacks](/mlb/arizona-diamondbacks)
    * [Colorado Rockies](/mlb/colorado-rockies)
    * [Los Angeles Dodgers](/mlb/los-angeles-dodgers)
    * [San Diego Padres](/mlb/san-diego-padres)
    * [San Francisco Giants](/mlb/san-francisco-giants)

American

East

    * [Baltimore Orioles](/mlb/baltimore-orioles)
    * [Boston Red Sox](/mlb/boston-red-sox)
    * [New York Yankees](/mlb/new-york-yankees)
    * [Tampa Bay Rays](/mlb/tampa-bay-rays)
    * [Toronto Blue Jays](/mlb/toronto-blue-jays)

Central

    * [Chicago White Sox](/mlb/chicago-white-sox)
    * [Cleveland Guardians](/mlb/cleveland-guardians)
    * [Detroit Tigers](/mlb/detroit-tigers)
    * [Kansas City Royals](/mlb/kansas-city-royals)
    * [Minnesota Twins](/mlb/minnesota-twins)

West

    * [ Athletics](/mlb/athletics)
    * [Houston Astros](/mlb/houston-astros)
    * [Los Angeles Angels](/mlb/los-angeles-angels)
    * [Seattle Mariners](/mlb/seattle-mariners)
    * [Texas Rangers](/mlb/texas-rangers)

  * [NCAAF](https://clutchpoints.com/ncaa-football)
  *     * [WNBA](/wnba "WNBA")

Eastern

    * [Atlanta Dream](/wnba/atlanta-dream)
    * [Chicago Sky](/wnba/chicago-sky)
    * [Connecticut Sun](/wnba/connecticut-sun)

    * [Indiana Fever](/wnba/indiana-fever)
    * [New York Liberty](/wnba/new-york-liberty)
    * [Washington Mystics](/wnba/washington-mystics)

Western

    * [Dallas Wings](/wnba/dallas-wings)
    * [Golden State Valkyries](/wnba/golden-state-valkyries)
    * [Las Vegas Aces](/wnba/las-vegas-aces)
    * [Los Angeles Sparks](/wnba/los-angeles-sparks)

    * [Minnesota Lynx](/wnba/minnesota-lynx)
    * [Phoenix Mercury](/wnba/phoenix-mercury)
    * [Seattle Storm](/wnba/seattle-storm)

  * [HBCU](https://clutchpoints.com/hbcu)
  * [Women's Sports](https://clutchpoints.com/womens-sports)

• • •

  * [NHL](https://clutchpoints.com/nhl "NHL")
  * [NCAAB](https://clutchpoints.com/ncaa-basketball "NCAAB")
  * [Gaming](https://clutchpoints.com/gaming "Gaming")
  * [Entertainment](https://clutchpoints.com/entertainment "Entertainment")
  * [Soccer](https://clutchpoints.com/soccer "Soccer")
  * [NCAA Sports](https://clutchpoints.com/ncaa-sports "NCAA Sports")
  * [Fantasy](https://clutchpoints.com/fantasy-sports "Fantasy")
  * [UFC](https://clutchpoints.com/ufc "UFC")
  * [Golf](https://clutchpoints.com/golf "Golf")
  * [WWE](https://clutchpoints.com/wwe "WWE")
  * [Newsletters](https://clutchpoints.com/newsletters "Newsletters")
  * [Sneakers](https://clutchpoints.com/sneakers "Sneakers")
  * [Clutch Covers](https://clutchpoints.com/clutchcovers "Clutch Covers")
  * [Start Bench Cut](https://clutchpoints.com/play/start-bench-cut "Start Bench Cut")
  * [Sportle](https://clutchpoints.com/play/sportle/nba "Sportle")
  * [Quizzes](https://clutchpoints.com/quizzes "Quizzes")
  * [Videos](https://clutchpoints.com/videos "Videos")
  * [Podcasts](https://clutchpoints.com/podcasts "Podcasts")

[Get The App](https://app.clutchpoints.com/)

[![team-logo](/nba/BKN.png)NETS](/nba/brooklyn-nets)

[![ClutchPoints logo](/cp_logo_w.png)](/)

  * [Home](/nba/brooklyn-nets)
  * [Roster](/nba/brooklyn-nets/roster)
  * [Records](/nba/brooklyn-nets/records)
  * [Stats](/nba/brooklyn-nets/stats)
  * [Schedule](/nba/brooklyn-nets/schedule)
  * [Injuries](/nba/brooklyn-nets/injuries)
  * [Memes](/nba/brooklyn-nets/memes)

  * [NBA](/nba)
  * [Brooklyn Nets](/nba/brooklyn-nets)

# Brooklyn Nets News, Rumors

[![Gregory Fisher-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/Nets.jpg)Brooklyn NetsInsider declares tanking a
necessity for Nets during win total predictionErik Slater · 8 hours
ago](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-insider-declares-
tank-necessity-win-prediction)

[Nets predicted to finish dead-last in Eastern Conference in NBA.com power
rankingsErik Slater · 10 hours ago![Brad Penner-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Sean-
Marks.jpg)Brooklyn Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-find-
themselves-in-east-basement-in-nba-com-power-rankings)[3 way-too-early
Brooklyn Nets trade candidates in 2025-26 seasonRohan Brahmbhatt · 1 day
ago![MPJ, DayRon Sharpe, and Cam Thomas in Nets jersey with a question mark in
the top middle.](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/X-way-
too-early-Brooklyn-Nets-trade-candidates-in-2025-26-season.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/way-too-early-brooklyn-nets-
trade-candidates-2025-26-season)[Nets' Terance Mann wants to know if NBA can
have bench-clearing brawls like MLBErik Slater · 1 day ago![Vincent
Carchietta-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/Terance-Mann.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-terance-mann-wants-
know-nba-can-have-bench-clearing-brawls-like-mlb)[Mavericks' D'Angelo Russell
throws shade at Lakers with Nets praiseJosue Pavon · 1 day ago![Jerome Miron-
Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/Mavericks-guard-DAngelo-Russell.jpg)Dallas
Mavericks](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/dallas-mavericks/mavericks-news-
dangelo-russell-throws-shade-lakers-nets-praise)[Liberty, Nets partner up with
Izzy Harrison for lupus awarenessJaren Kawada · 2 days ago![Geoff Burke-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/06/Liberty-coach-
Sandy-Brondello.jpg)New York Liberty](https://clutchpoints.com/wnba/new-york-
liberty/liberty-news-new-york-nets-partner-up-izzy-harrison-lupus-awareness)[1
move Brooklyn Nets should've made in 2025 NBA offseasonRohan Brahmbhatt · 3
days ago![Brad Penner-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/05/Sean-Marks-1.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/move-brooklyn-nets-shouldve-
made-2025-nba-offseason)[Nets sign Chinese star to training camp dealErik
Slater · 3 days ago![Darren Yamashita-USA TODAY
Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/USATSI_17257949_65d773-e1754527559787.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-brooklyn-signs-
chinese-star-fabno-zeng-to-training-camp-deal)[Former Nets fan favorite makes
bold statement about lack of NBA contractErik Slater · 6 days ago![Brad
Penner-USA TODAY Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/USATSI_10453429-e1754528268568.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-former-brooklyn-
fan-favorite-bold-statement-lack-nba-contract)[Nets sign former 76ers guard in
free agencyErik Slater · 6 days ago![Bill Streicher-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/USATSI_25810520-e1754528942207.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-brooklyn-signs-
former-76ers-guard)[Nets reveal preseason schedule featuring historic overseas
tripErik Slater · 6 days ago![Vincent Carchietta-USA TODAY
Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/USATSI_12713051-e1754606013196.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-brooklyn-reveals-
preseason-schedule-historic-trip)[Nets to host preseason game against Israeli
team at Barclays CenterErik Slater · 1 week ago![Nets to host preseason game
against Israeli team at Barclays Center](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Brooklyn-to-host-preseason-game-against-Israeli-team-
at-Barclays-Center.jpg)Brooklyn Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-
nets/nets-news-brooklyn-host-preseason-game-against-israeli-team)[Jeff Teague
says Nets aren't disrespecting Cam Thomas with $14 million offerErik Slater ·
1 week ago![Vincent Carchietta-USA TODAY
Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/USATSI_22453486-e1754606258577.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-jeff-teague-
brooklyn-isnt-disrespecting-cam-thomas-offer)[Nets rumors: The $16 million
annual gulf in Cam Thomas contract negotiationsErik Slater · 1 week ago![Dec
22, 2023; Brooklyn, New York, USA; Brooklyn Nets guard Cam Thomas \(24\)
controls the ball against the Denver Nuggets during the fourth quarter at
Barclays Center. Mandatory Credit: Brad Penner-USA TODAY
Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/USATSI_22165776-e1754607142978.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-rumors-16-million-gulf-
cam-thomas-contract-negotiations)[Nets' Joe Tsai drops 'soaring' take on
aggressive investment in sports franchisesErik Slater · 1 week ago![May 9,
2019; New York City, NY, USA; Taiwanese businessman Joe Tsai \(left\) looks on
during the second half of the preseason WNBA game between the New York Liberty
and the China National Team at Barclays Center. Mandatory Credit: Vincent
Carchietta-USA TODAY Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/USATSI_12713051.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-joe-tsai-soaring-
take-investment-sports-franchises)[Why ESPN criticized Nets for
'underwhelming, confusing' offseasonErik Slater · 1 week ago![Nov 9, 2022;
Brooklyn, New York, USA; Brooklyn Nets general manager Sean Marks speaks
during a press conference before a game against the New York Knicks at
Barclays Center. Mandatory Credit: Brad Penner-USA TODAY
Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/USATSI_19393860.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-why-espn-
criticized-brooklyn-underwhelming-offseason)[Ben Saraf acclimating to NBA game
and what Nets wants from himTomer Azarly · 1 week
ago![CP](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Ben-Saraf-
Brooklyn-Nets.jpg)Brooklyn Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-
nets/nets-news-ben-saraf-acclimating-to-nba-game-and-what-brooklyn-wants-from-
him)[Former Nets fan favorite shoots his shot at NBA teams ahead of training
campErik Slater · 1 week ago![Nov 6, 2018; Phoenix, AZ, USA; Brooklyn Nets
forward Rondae Hollis-Jefferson \(24\) celebrates a shot in the second quarter
against the Phoenix Suns at Talking Stick Resort Arena. Mandatory Credit: Mark
J. Rebilas-USA TODAY Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/USATSI_11612085.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-former-brooklyn-
fan-favorite-shoots-shot-nba-teams)[Nets' historic 2025 draft class panned for
Summer League showingRichard Pereira · 1 week ago![Brad Penner-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Nets-news-
Brooklyns-historic-2025-draft-class-panned-for-Summer-League-
showing.jpg)Brooklyn Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-
news-brooklyns-historic-2025-draft-class-panned-summer-league-showing)[Cam
Johnson hilariously reveals how he learned about Nets tradeBenedetto Vitale ·
1 week ago![Daniel Kucin Jr.-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Cam-Johnson.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-cameron-johnson-
reveals-learned-brooklyn-trade)[Nets coach reveals team's feelings on Cam
Thomas amid slow contract negotiationErik Slater · 1 week ago![Oct 27, 2024;
Brooklyn, New York, USA; Brooklyn Nets guard Cam Thomas \(24\) drives to the
basket in the third quarter against the Milwaukee Bucks at Barclays Center.
Mandatory Credit: Wendell Cruz-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/USATSI_24604428.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-coach-reveals-
feelings-cam-thomas-contract-negotiation)[Brooklyn Nets' biggest Egor Demin
concern after 2025 NBA Summer LeagueRohan Brahmbhatt · 1 week ago![Egor
Demin's performace breakdown in the 2025 NBA Summer League for Brooklyn
Nets](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Brooklyn-Nets-
biggest-Egor-Demin-concern-after-2025-NBA-Summer-League.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/brooklyn-nets-biggest-egor-
demin-concern-2025-nba-summer-league)

[1](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-
nets)[2](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-
nets/pages/2)[3](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-
nets/pages/3)[4](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-
nets/pages/4)[5](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-
nets/pages/5)[6](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-
nets/pages/6)[7](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-
nets/pages/7)[Next](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/pages/2)

[![ClutchPoints Logo](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/images/assets/ClutchPoints_Logo_Stroke_v2.webp)](/)

[Home](https://clutchpoints.com/)[Terms of
Service](https://clutchpoints.com/terms-of-
service)[About](https://clutchpoints.com/about-us)[Privacy
Policy](https://clutchpoints.com/privacy-policy)[Contact
Us](https://clutchpoints.com/contact-us)[DMCA
Policy](https://clutchpoints.com/dmca-copyright-
policy)[Press](https://clutchpoints.com/press)[Ethics and
Standards](https://clutchpoints.com/editorial-ethics-
standards)[Advertise](https://clutchpoints.com/advertising)[Team](https://clutchpoints.com/meet-
the-team)[Sitemap](https://clutchpoints.com/sitemap)

Follow Us

[](https://www.facebook.com/ClutchPoints)[](https://twitter.com/clutchpoints)[](https://www.instagram.com/clutchpoints)[](https://www.youtube.com/@ClutchPoints)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@clutchpoints)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/clutchpoints/)[](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ClutchPoints)[](https://www.whatsapp.com/channel/0029VakyB8E2v1IljRuyB80p)

Copyright © ClutchPoints.

![](https://pixel.rubiconproject.com/token?pid=49096&us_privacy=1YNY)

✕

Do not sell or share my personal information.

You have chosen to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your information from
this site and any of its affiliates. To opt back in please click the
"Customize my ad experience" link.  
  
This site collects information through the use of cookies and other tracking
tools. Cookies and these tools do not contain any information that personally
identifies a user, but personal information that would be stored about you may
be linked to the information stored in and obtained from them. This
information would be used and shared for Analytics, Ad Serving, Interest Based
Advertising, among other purposes.  
  
For more information please visit this site's Privacy Policy.

CANCEL

CONTINUE

## Your Use of Our Content

✕

The content we make available on this website [and through our other channels]
(the “Service”) was created, developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected,
and/or arranged by us, using our own methods and judgment, and through the
expenditure of substantial time and effort. This Service and the content we
make available are proprietary, and are protected by these Terms of Service
(which is a contract between us and you), copyright laws, and other
intellectual property laws and treaties. This Service is also protected as a
collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and
treaties. We provide it for your personal, non-commercial use only.

You may not use, and may not authorize any third party to use, this Service or
any content we make available on this Service in any manner that (i) is a
source of or substitute for the Service or the content; (ii) affects our
ability to earn money in connection with the Service or the content; or (iii)
competes with the Service we provide. These restrictions apply to any robot,
spider, scraper, web crawler, or other automated means or any similar manual
process, or any software used to access the Service. You further agree not to
violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of this Service, if
any, or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit
access to the Service by automated means.

×

Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.  
  
[Do not sell or share my personal information.](/)

Terms of Content Use

![iiq_pixel](https://sync.intentiq.com/profiles_engine/ProfilesEngineServlet?at=20&mi=10&secure=1&dpi=270675768&iiqidtype=2&iiqpcid=6a658c73-58b6-6e60-5ad1-9f8616accc0c&iiqpciddate=1754611257884&tsrnd=479_1754611257884&fbp=3096982667&jsver=6.123&cz=0%3A768%2C1%3A1366%2C2%3A1%2C3%3A768%2C4%3A1366%2C5%3Aen-
US&dw=1366&dh=768&dpr=1&lan=en-
US&testPercentage=-1&testGroup=T&vrref=https%3A%2F%2Fclutchpoints.com%2Fnba%2Fbrooklyn-
nets&us_privacy=1YNY&gpp=DBABzw~1YNY~BVQqAAAAAgA&gpc=undefined&gdpr=0)

