[![ClutchPoints logo](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/images/assets/ClutchPoints_Logo_Stroke_v2.webp)](/)

  *     * [NBA](/nba "NBA")

Eastern

Atlantic

    * [Boston Celtics](/nba/boston-celtics)
    * [Brooklyn Nets](/nba/brooklyn-nets)
    * [New York Knicks](/nba/new-york-knicks)
    * [Philadelphia 76ers](/nba/philadelphia-76ers)
    * [Toronto Raptors](/nba/toronto-raptors)

Central

    * [Chicago Bulls](/nba/chicago-bulls)
    * [Cleveland Cavaliers](/nba/cleveland-cavaliers)
    * [Detroit Pistons](/nba/detroit-pistons)
    * [Indiana Pacers](/nba/indiana-pacers)
    * [Milwaukee Bucks](/nba/milwaukee-bucks)

Southeast

    * [Atlanta Hawks](/nba/atlanta-hawks)
    * [Charlotte Hornets](/nba/charlotte-hornets)
    * [Miami Heat](/nba/miami-heat)
    * [Orlando Magic](/nba/orlando-magic)
    * [Washington Wizards](/nba/washington-wizards)

Western

Pacific

    * [Golden State Warriors](/nba/golden-state-warriors)
    * [Los Angeles Clippers](/nba/los-angeles-clippers)
    * [Los Angeles Lakers](/nba/los-angeles-lakers)
    * [Phoenix Suns](/nba/phoenix-suns)
    * [Sacramento Kings](/nba/sacramento-kings)

Southwest

    * [Dallas Mavericks](/nba/dallas-mavericks)
    * [Houston Rockets](/nba/houston-rockets)
    * [Memphis Grizzlies](/nba/memphis-grizzlies)
    * [New Orleans Pelicans](/nba/new-orleans-pelicans)
    * [San Antonio Spurs](/nba/san-antonio-spurs)

Northwest

    * [Denver Nuggets](/nba/denver-nuggets)
    * [Minnesota Timberwolves](/nba/minnesota-timberwolves)
    * [Oklahoma City Thunder](/nba/oklahoma-city-thunder)
    * [Portland Trail Blazers](/nba/portland-trail-blazers)
    * [Utah Jazz](/nba/utah-jazz)

  *     * [NFL](/nfl "NFL")

AFC

West

    * [Denver Broncos](/nfl/denver-broncos)
    * [Kansas City Chiefs](/nfl/kansas-city-chiefs)
    * [Los Angeles Chargers](/nfl/los-angeles-chargers)
    * [Las Vegas Raiders](/nfl/las-vegas-raiders)

South

    * [Houston Texans](/nfl/houston-texans)
    * [Indianapolis Colts](/nfl/indianapolis-colts)
    * [Jacksonville Jaguars](/nfl/jacksonville-jaguars)
    * [Tennessee Titans](/nfl/tennessee-titans)

North

    * [Baltimore Ravens](/nfl/baltimore-ravens)
    * [Cincinnati Bengals](/nfl/cincinnati-bengals)
    * [Cleveland Browns](/nfl/cleveland-browns)
    * [Pittsburgh Steelers](/nfl/pittsburgh-steelers)

East

    * [Buffalo Bills](/nfl/buffalo-bills)
    * [Miami Dolphins](/nfl/miami-dolphins)
    * [New England Patriots](/nfl/new-england-patriots)
    * [New York Jets](/nfl/new-york-jets)

NFC

West

    * [Arizona Cardinals](/nfl/arizona-cardinals)
    * [Los Angeles Rams](/nfl/los-angeles-rams)
    * [San Francisco 49ers](/nfl/san-francisco-49ers)
    * [Seattle Seahawks](/nfl/seattle-seahawks)

South

    * [Atlanta Falcons](/nfl/atlanta-falcons)
    * [Carolina Panthers](/nfl/carolina-panthers)
    * [New Orleans Saints](/nfl/new-orleans-saints)
    * [Tampa Bay Buccaneers](/nfl/tampa-bay-buccaneers)

North

    * [Chicago Bears](/nfl/chicago-bears)
    * [Detroit Lions](/nfl/detroit-lions)
    * [Green Bay Packers](/nfl/green-bay-packers)
    * [Minnesota Vikings](/nfl/minnesota-vikings)

East

    * [Dallas Cowboys](/nfl/dallas-cowboys)
    * [New York Giants](/nfl/new-york-giants)
    * [Philadelphia Eagles](/nfl/philadelphia-eagles)
    * [Washington Commanders](/nfl/washington-commanders)

  *     * [MLB](/mlb "MLB")

National

East

    * [Atlanta Braves](/mlb/atlanta-braves)
    * [Miami Marlins](/mlb/miami-marlins)
    * [New York Mets](/mlb/new-york-mets)
    * [Philadelphia Phillies](/mlb/philadelphia-phillies)
    * [Washington Nationals](/mlb/washington-nationals)

Central

    * [Chicago Cubs](/mlb/chicago-cubs)
    * [Cincinnati Reds](/mlb/cincinnati-reds)
    * [Milwaukee Brewers](/mlb/milwaukee-brewers)
    * [Pittsburgh Pirates](/mlb/pittsburgh-pirates)
    * [St. Louis Cardinals](/mlb/st-louis-cardinals)

West

    * [Arizona Diamondbacks](/mlb/arizona-diamondbacks)
    * [Colorado Rockies](/mlb/colorado-rockies)
    * [Los Angeles Dodgers](/mlb/los-angeles-dodgers)
    * [San Diego Padres](/mlb/san-diego-padres)
    * [San Francisco Giants](/mlb/san-francisco-giants)

American

East

    * [Baltimore Orioles](/mlb/baltimore-orioles)
    * [Boston Red Sox](/mlb/boston-red-sox)
    * [New York Yankees](/mlb/new-york-yankees)
    * [Tampa Bay Rays](/mlb/tampa-bay-rays)
    * [Toronto Blue Jays](/mlb/toronto-blue-jays)

Central

    * [Chicago White Sox](/mlb/chicago-white-sox)
    * [Cleveland Guardians](/mlb/cleveland-guardians)
    * [Detroit Tigers](/mlb/detroit-tigers)
    * [Kansas City Royals](/mlb/kansas-city-royals)
    * [Minnesota Twins](/mlb/minnesota-twins)

West

    * [ Athletics](/mlb/athletics)
    * [Houston Astros](/mlb/houston-astros)
    * [Los Angeles Angels](/mlb/los-angeles-angels)
    * [Seattle Mariners](/mlb/seattle-mariners)
    * [Texas Rangers](/mlb/texas-rangers)

  * [NCAAF](https://clutchpoints.com/ncaa-football)
  *     * [WNBA](/wnba "WNBA")

Eastern

    * [Atlanta Dream](/wnba/atlanta-dream)
    * [Chicago Sky](/wnba/chicago-sky)
    * [Connecticut Sun](/wnba/connecticut-sun)

    * [Indiana Fever](/wnba/indiana-fever)
    * [New York Liberty](/wnba/new-york-liberty)
    * [Washington Mystics](/wnba/washington-mystics)

Western

    * [Dallas Wings](/wnba/dallas-wings)
    * [Golden State Valkyries](/wnba/golden-state-valkyries)
    * [Las Vegas Aces](/wnba/las-vegas-aces)
    * [Los Angeles Sparks](/wnba/los-angeles-sparks)

    * [Minnesota Lynx](/wnba/minnesota-lynx)
    * [Phoenix Mercury](/wnba/phoenix-mercury)
    * [Seattle Storm](/wnba/seattle-storm)

  * [HBCU](https://clutchpoints.com/hbcu)
  * [Women's Sports](https://clutchpoints.com/womens-sports)

• • •

  * [NHL](https://clutchpoints.com/nhl "NHL")
  * [NCAAB](https://clutchpoints.com/ncaa-basketball "NCAAB")
  * [Gaming](https://clutchpoints.com/gaming "Gaming")
  * [Entertainment](https://clutchpoints.com/entertainment "Entertainment")
  * [Soccer](https://clutchpoints.com/soccer "Soccer")
  * [NCAA Sports](https://clutchpoints.com/ncaa-sports "NCAA Sports")
  * [Fantasy](https://clutchpoints.com/fantasy-sports "Fantasy")
  * [UFC](https://clutchpoints.com/ufc "UFC")
  * [Golf](https://clutchpoints.com/golf "Golf")
  * [WWE](https://clutchpoints.com/wwe "WWE")
  * [Newsletters](https://clutchpoints.com/newsletters "Newsletters")
  * [Sneakers](https://clutchpoints.com/sneakers "Sneakers")
  * [Clutch Covers](https://clutchpoints.com/clutchcovers "Clutch Covers")
  * [Start Bench Cut](https://clutchpoints.com/play/start-bench-cut "Start Bench Cut")
  * [Sportle](https://clutchpoints.com/play/sportle/nba "Sportle")
  * [Quizzes](https://clutchpoints.com/quizzes "Quizzes")
  * [Videos](https://clutchpoints.com/videos "Videos")
  * [Podcasts](https://clutchpoints.com/podcasts "Podcasts")

[Get The App](https://app.clutchpoints.com/)

![fb-
pixel](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=604453244580535&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![Quantcast](//pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-MMgxc4wxj3pp5.gif)

![comscore](https://sb.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&c2=20567959&cv=2.0&cj=1)

[![team-logo](/nba/PHI.png)76ERS](/nba/philadelphia-76ers)

[![ClutchPoints logo](/cp_logo_w.png)](/)

  * [Home](/nba/philadelphia-76ers)
  * [Roster](/nba/philadelphia-76ers/roster)
  * [Records](/nba/philadelphia-76ers/records)
  * [Stats](/nba/philadelphia-76ers/stats)
  * [Schedule](/nba/philadelphia-76ers/schedule)
  * [Injuries](/nba/philadelphia-76ers/injuries)
  * [Memes](/nba/philadelphia-76ers/memes)

  * [NBA](/nba)
  * [Philadelphia 76ers](/nba/philadelphia-76ers)

# Philadelphia 76ers News, Rumors

[![CP](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Tyrese-Maxey-
LeBron-James-Philadelphia-76ers-Los-Angeles-Lakers-New-
Balance.jpg)Philadelphia 76ersTyrese Maxey details ‘amazing’ LeBron James
offseason workoutTomer Azarly · 1 day
ago](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-tyrese-maxey-
details-amazing-lebron-james-offseason-workout)

[Tyrese Maxey reveals meaning behind viral 'talking mess' tweetTomer Azarly ·
2 days ago![CP](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Tyrese-
Maxey-Paul-George-Joel-Embiid-New-Balance-Philadelphia-76ers.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-tyrese-
maxey-reveals-meaning-behind-viral-talking-mess-tweet)[Exclusive: Tyrese Maxey
on New Balance "Hero Pack," 76ers, Joel Embiid, and moreTomer Azarly · 2 days
ago![CP](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Tyrese-Maxey-
Philadelphia-76ers-New-Balance-Hero-Pack.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/exclusive-tyrese-maxey-
on-new-balance-hero-pack-76ers-joel-embiid-and-more)[Sources: Joel Embiid's
ongoing knee issues create genuine concern about 76ers' futureBrett Siegel · 3
days ago![76ers' Joel Embiid with injury symbol and question marks next to
Paul George, Tyrese Maxey, and Daryl Morey](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/Sources-Joel-Embiids-ongoing-knee-issues-create-
genuine-concern-about-76ers-future.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/sources-joel-embiids-
ongoing-knee-issues-create-genuine-concern-about-76ers-future)[76ers' Joel
Embiid makes surprise appearance at Phillies-Tigers gameSteve Silverman · 5
days ago![Mandatory Credit: Kyle Ross-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Joel-Embiid-
showed-his-support-for-the-first-place-Phillies.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-76ers-joel-
embiid-makes-surprise-appearance-at-phillies-tigers-game)[2 Joel Embiid trades
76ers must consider after latest Paul George injuryJedd Pagaduan · 5 days
ago![76ers' Joel Embiid looking sad in the middle, with many head cutouts
\(head only, different facial expressions\) of Paul George all over
Embiid](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/X-Joel-Embiid-
trades-76ers-must-consider-after-latest-Paul-George-injury.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/2-joel-embiid-
trades-76ers-must-consider-after-latest-paul-george-injury)[1 move 76ers
should have made in 2025 NBA offseasonRB Hayek · 6 days ago![© Kyle Ross-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Guerschon-
Yabusele-looks-on-during-76ers-game-vs-Timberwolves.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/1-move-76ers-should-
have-made-in-2025-nba-offseason)[Nets sign former 76ers guard in free
agencyErik Slater · 6 days ago![Bill Streicher-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/USATSI_25810520-e1754528942207.jpg)Brooklyn
Nets](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/brooklyn-nets/nets-news-brooklyn-signs-
former-76ers-guard)[Stephen A. Smith blasts 76ers' Daryl Morey for comments
about Lakers' 2020 championshipMalik Brown · 1 week ago![Bill Streicher-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/76ers-
executive-Daryl-Morey-gets-interviewed.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-stephen-a-
smith-blasts-daryl-morey-lakers-2020-championship)[Paul George's 10 most
controversial statements, rankedSpencer See · 1 week ago![Matt Krohn-USA TODAY
Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Paul-George-
reacts-to-a-call.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/paul-georges-10-most-
controversial-statements-ranked)[2 final moves Philadelphia 76ers must make to
complete 2025 NBA offseasonMatty Breisch · 1 week ago![Troy Taormina-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/03/Quentin-Grimes-
yelling.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-2-final-moves-
philadelphia-must-make-complete-2025-nba-offseason)[Exclusive: Daryl Morey
clarifies Lakers bubble championship criticismAnthony Irwin · 1 week ago![Bill
Streicher-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/76ers-executive-Daryl-Morey.jpg)Los Angeles
Lakers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/los-angeles-lakers/exclusive-daryl-morey-
clarifies-lakers-bubble-championship-criticism)[How VJ Edgecombe plans to
'earn respect' of 76ers fansJackson Stone · 1 week ago![Candice Ward-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Edgecombe-at-
Summer-League.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-vj-
edgecombe-earn-respect-philadelphia-fans)[76ers rookie VJ Edgecombe reveals 3
players he models his game afterJackson Stone · 1 week ago![Brad Penner-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Edgecombe-at-
the-NBA-Draft.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-vj-
edgecombe-3-players-models-game)[76ers' VJ Edgecombe reveals Bennedict
Mathurin's blunt warning before NBA leapMatty Breisch · 1 week ago![Trevor
Ruszkowski-USA TODAY Sports](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/Bennedict-Mathurin-layup.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-vj-
edgecombe-reveals-bennedict-mathurins-blunt-warning-before-nba-leap)[Paul
George reveals he knew 76ers VJ Edgecombe pick days before draft nightMatty
Breisch · 1 week ago![Bob Donnan-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/VJ-Edgecombe_955d0d.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-paul-george-
reveals-knew-vj-edgecombe-pick-draft-night)[76ers' VJ Edgecombe drops hateful
admission over his time at BaylorJosue Pavon · 1 week ago![Candice Ward-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/76ers-rookie-
VJ-Edgecombe.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-vj-
edgecombe-drops-hateful-admission-his-time-baylor)[Paul George shares high
praise for 76ers' 3rd overall pickJackson Stone · 1 week ago![Brad Penner-
Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Edgecombe-at-the-draft-1.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-paul-george-
shares-praise-3rd-overall-pick)[NBA insider hints at Joel Embiid’s feelings
about futureAbdullah Imran · 1 week ago![Bill Streicher-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Embiid-vs-the-
Celtics.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-nba-insider-
joel-embiid-feelings-future)[76ers waive bench player amid Quentin Grimes free
agency negotiationsMatty Breisch · 1 week ago![© Bill Streicher-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/10/Ricky-Council-
IV-poses-for-media-day.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-philly-
waives-bench-player-quentin-grimes-free-agency-negotiations)[Guerschon
Yabusele drops honest admission on what went wrong with 76ersJulian Ojeda · 2
weeks ago![Kyle Ross-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Knicks-forward-Guerschon-Yabusele.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-news-guerschon-
yabusele-honest-admission-on-what-went-wrong-with-76ers)[76ers rumors: VJ
Edgecombe gets Sixers 'second-best player' prediction from rival GMJackson
Stone · 2 weeks ago![Brad Penner-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Edgecombe-at-the-draft.jpg)Philadelphia
76ers](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/76ers-rumors-vj-
edgecombe-sixers-second-best-player-prediction-from-rival-gm)

[1](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers)[2](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/pages/2)[3](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/pages/3)[4](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/pages/4)[5](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/pages/5)[6](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/pages/6)[7](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/pages/7)[Next](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/philadelphia-76ers/pages/2)

[![ClutchPoints Logo](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/images/assets/ClutchPoints_Logo_Stroke_v2.webp)](/)

[Home](https://clutchpoints.com/)[Terms of
Service](https://clutchpoints.com/terms-of-
service)[About](https://clutchpoints.com/about-us)[Privacy
Policy](https://clutchpoints.com/privacy-policy)[Contact
Us](https://clutchpoints.com/contact-us)[DMCA
Policy](https://clutchpoints.com/dmca-copyright-
policy)[Press](https://clutchpoints.com/press)[Ethics and
Standards](https://clutchpoints.com/editorial-ethics-
standards)[Advertise](https://clutchpoints.com/advertising)[Team](https://clutchpoints.com/meet-
the-team)[Sitemap](https://clutchpoints.com/sitemap)

Follow Us

[](https://www.facebook.com/ClutchPoints)[](https://twitter.com/clutchpoints)[](https://www.instagram.com/clutchpoints)[](https://www.youtube.com/@ClutchPoints)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@clutchpoints)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/clutchpoints/)[](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ClutchPoints)[](https://www.whatsapp.com/channel/0029VakyB8E2v1IljRuyB80p)

Copyright © ClutchPoints.

![](https://pixel.rubiconproject.com/token?pid=49096&us_privacy=1YNY)

✕

Do not sell or share my personal information.

You have chosen to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your information from
this site and any of its affiliates. To opt back in please click the
"Customize my ad experience" link.  
  
This site collects information through the use of cookies and other tracking
tools. Cookies and these tools do not contain any information that personally
identifies a user, but personal information that would be stored about you may
be linked to the information stored in and obtained from them. This
information would be used and shared for Analytics, Ad Serving, Interest Based
Advertising, among other purposes.  
  
For more information please visit this site's Privacy Policy.

CANCEL

CONTINUE

## Your Use of Our Content

✕

The content we make available on this website [and through our other channels]
(the “Service”) was created, developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected,
and/or arranged by us, using our own methods and judgment, and through the
expenditure of substantial time and effort. This Service and the content we
make available are proprietary, and are protected by these Terms of Service
(which is a contract between us and you), copyright laws, and other
intellectual property laws and treaties. This Service is also protected as a
collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and
treaties. We provide it for your personal, non-commercial use only.

You may not use, and may not authorize any third party to use, this Service or
any content we make available on this Service in any manner that (i) is a
source of or substitute for the Service or the content; (ii) affects our
ability to earn money in connection with the Service or the content; or (iii)
competes with the Service we provide. These restrictions apply to any robot,
spider, scraper, web crawler, or other automated means or any similar manual
process, or any software used to access the Service. You further agree not to
violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of this Service, if
any, or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit
access to the Service by automated means.

×

Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.  
  
[Do not sell or share my personal information.](/)

Terms of Content Use

![iiq_pixel](https://sync.intentiq.com/profiles_engine/ProfilesEngineServlet?at=20&mi=10&secure=1&dpi=270675768&iiqidtype=2&iiqpcid=71ae2b0d-9a03-fdfc-6df5-ebd61ab071e7&iiqpciddate=1754611278320&tsrnd=26_1754611278321&fbp=3096982667&jsver=6.123&cz=0%3A768%2C1%3A1366%2C2%3A1%2C3%3A768%2C4%3A1366%2C5%3Aen-
US&dw=1366&dh=768&dpr=1&lan=en-
US&testPercentage=-1&testGroup=T&vrref=https%3A%2F%2Fclutchpoints.com%2Fnba%2Fphiladelphia-76ers&us_privacy=1YNY&gpp=DBABzw~1YNY~BVQqAAAAAgA&gpc=undefined&gdpr=0)

