[![ClutchPoints logo](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/images/assets/ClutchPoints_Logo_Stroke_v2.webp)](/)

  *     * [NBA](/nba "NBA")

Eastern

Atlantic

    * [Boston Celtics](/nba/boston-celtics)
    * [Brooklyn Nets](/nba/brooklyn-nets)
    * [New York Knicks](/nba/new-york-knicks)
    * [Philadelphia 76ers](/nba/philadelphia-76ers)
    * [Toronto Raptors](/nba/toronto-raptors)

Central

    * [Chicago Bulls](/nba/chicago-bulls)
    * [Cleveland Cavaliers](/nba/cleveland-cavaliers)
    * [Detroit Pistons](/nba/detroit-pistons)
    * [Indiana Pacers](/nba/indiana-pacers)
    * [Milwaukee Bucks](/nba/milwaukee-bucks)

Southeast

    * [Atlanta Hawks](/nba/atlanta-hawks)
    * [Charlotte Hornets](/nba/charlotte-hornets)
    * [Miami Heat](/nba/miami-heat)
    * [Orlando Magic](/nba/orlando-magic)
    * [Washington Wizards](/nba/washington-wizards)

Western

Pacific

    * [Golden State Warriors](/nba/golden-state-warriors)
    * [Los Angeles Clippers](/nba/los-angeles-clippers)
    * [Los Angeles Lakers](/nba/los-angeles-lakers)
    * [Phoenix Suns](/nba/phoenix-suns)
    * [Sacramento Kings](/nba/sacramento-kings)

Southwest

    * [Dallas Mavericks](/nba/dallas-mavericks)
    * [Houston Rockets](/nba/houston-rockets)
    * [Memphis Grizzlies](/nba/memphis-grizzlies)
    * [New Orleans Pelicans](/nba/new-orleans-pelicans)
    * [San Antonio Spurs](/nba/san-antonio-spurs)

Northwest

    * [Denver Nuggets](/nba/denver-nuggets)
    * [Minnesota Timberwolves](/nba/minnesota-timberwolves)
    * [Oklahoma City Thunder](/nba/oklahoma-city-thunder)
    * [Portland Trail Blazers](/nba/portland-trail-blazers)
    * [Utah Jazz](/nba/utah-jazz)

  *     * [NFL](/nfl "NFL")

AFC

West

    * [Denver Broncos](/nfl/denver-broncos)
    * [Kansas City Chiefs](/nfl/kansas-city-chiefs)
    * [Los Angeles Chargers](/nfl/los-angeles-chargers)
    * [Las Vegas Raiders](/nfl/las-vegas-raiders)

South

    * [Houston Texans](/nfl/houston-texans)
    * [Indianapolis Colts](/nfl/indianapolis-colts)
    * [Jacksonville Jaguars](/nfl/jacksonville-jaguars)
    * [Tennessee Titans](/nfl/tennessee-titans)

North

    * [Baltimore Ravens](/nfl/baltimore-ravens)
    * [Cincinnati Bengals](/nfl/cincinnati-bengals)
    * [Cleveland Browns](/nfl/cleveland-browns)
    * [Pittsburgh Steelers](/nfl/pittsburgh-steelers)

East

    * [Buffalo Bills](/nfl/buffalo-bills)
    * [Miami Dolphins](/nfl/miami-dolphins)
    * [New England Patriots](/nfl/new-england-patriots)
    * [New York Jets](/nfl/new-york-jets)

NFC

West

    * [Arizona Cardinals](/nfl/arizona-cardinals)
    * [Los Angeles Rams](/nfl/los-angeles-rams)
    * [San Francisco 49ers](/nfl/san-francisco-49ers)
    * [Seattle Seahawks](/nfl/seattle-seahawks)

South

    * [Atlanta Falcons](/nfl/atlanta-falcons)
    * [Carolina Panthers](/nfl/carolina-panthers)
    * [New Orleans Saints](/nfl/new-orleans-saints)
    * [Tampa Bay Buccaneers](/nfl/tampa-bay-buccaneers)

North

    * [Chicago Bears](/nfl/chicago-bears)
    * [Detroit Lions](/nfl/detroit-lions)
    * [Green Bay Packers](/nfl/green-bay-packers)
    * [Minnesota Vikings](/nfl/minnesota-vikings)

East

    * [Dallas Cowboys](/nfl/dallas-cowboys)
    * [New York Giants](/nfl/new-york-giants)
    * [Philadelphia Eagles](/nfl/philadelphia-eagles)
    * [Washington Commanders](/nfl/washington-commanders)

  *     * [MLB](/mlb "MLB")

National

East

    * [Atlanta Braves](/mlb/atlanta-braves)
    * [Miami Marlins](/mlb/miami-marlins)
    * [New York Mets](/mlb/new-york-mets)
    * [Philadelphia Phillies](/mlb/philadelphia-phillies)
    * [Washington Nationals](/mlb/washington-nationals)

Central

    * [Chicago Cubs](/mlb/chicago-cubs)
    * [Cincinnati Reds](/mlb/cincinnati-reds)
    * [Milwaukee Brewers](/mlb/milwaukee-brewers)
    * [Pittsburgh Pirates](/mlb/pittsburgh-pirates)
    * [St. Louis Cardinals](/mlb/st-louis-cardinals)

West

    * [Arizona Diamondbacks](/mlb/arizona-diamondbacks)
    * [Colorado Rockies](/mlb/colorado-rockies)
    * [Los Angeles Dodgers](/mlb/los-angeles-dodgers)
    * [San Diego Padres](/mlb/san-diego-padres)
    * [San Francisco Giants](/mlb/san-francisco-giants)

American

East

    * [Baltimore Orioles](/mlb/baltimore-orioles)
    * [Boston Red Sox](/mlb/boston-red-sox)
    * [New York Yankees](/mlb/new-york-yankees)
    * [Tampa Bay Rays](/mlb/tampa-bay-rays)
    * [Toronto Blue Jays](/mlb/toronto-blue-jays)

Central

    * [Chicago White Sox](/mlb/chicago-white-sox)
    * [Cleveland Guardians](/mlb/cleveland-guardians)
    * [Detroit Tigers](/mlb/detroit-tigers)
    * [Kansas City Royals](/mlb/kansas-city-royals)
    * [Minnesota Twins](/mlb/minnesota-twins)

West

    * [ Athletics](/mlb/athletics)
    * [Houston Astros](/mlb/houston-astros)
    * [Los Angeles Angels](/mlb/los-angeles-angels)
    * [Seattle Mariners](/mlb/seattle-mariners)
    * [Texas Rangers](/mlb/texas-rangers)

  * [NCAAF](https://clutchpoints.com/ncaa-football)
  *     * [WNBA](/wnba "WNBA")

Eastern

    * [Atlanta Dream](/wnba/atlanta-dream)
    * [Chicago Sky](/wnba/chicago-sky)
    * [Connecticut Sun](/wnba/connecticut-sun)

    * [Indiana Fever](/wnba/indiana-fever)
    * [New York Liberty](/wnba/new-york-liberty)
    * [Washington Mystics](/wnba/washington-mystics)

Western

    * [Dallas Wings](/wnba/dallas-wings)
    * [Golden State Valkyries](/wnba/golden-state-valkyries)
    * [Las Vegas Aces](/wnba/las-vegas-aces)
    * [Los Angeles Sparks](/wnba/los-angeles-sparks)

    * [Minnesota Lynx](/wnba/minnesota-lynx)
    * [Phoenix Mercury](/wnba/phoenix-mercury)
    * [Seattle Storm](/wnba/seattle-storm)

  * [HBCU](https://clutchpoints.com/hbcu)
  * [Women's Sports](https://clutchpoints.com/womens-sports)

• • •

  * [NHL](https://clutchpoints.com/nhl "NHL")
  * [NCAAB](https://clutchpoints.com/ncaa-basketball "NCAAB")
  * [Gaming](https://clutchpoints.com/gaming "Gaming")
  * [Entertainment](https://clutchpoints.com/entertainment "Entertainment")
  * [Soccer](https://clutchpoints.com/soccer "Soccer")
  * [NCAA Sports](https://clutchpoints.com/ncaa-sports "NCAA Sports")
  * [Fantasy](https://clutchpoints.com/fantasy-sports "Fantasy")
  * [UFC](https://clutchpoints.com/ufc "UFC")
  * [Golf](https://clutchpoints.com/golf "Golf")
  * [WWE](https://clutchpoints.com/wwe "WWE")
  * [Newsletters](https://clutchpoints.com/newsletters "Newsletters")
  * [Sneakers](https://clutchpoints.com/sneakers "Sneakers")
  * [Clutch Covers](https://clutchpoints.com/clutchcovers "Clutch Covers")
  * [Start Bench Cut](https://clutchpoints.com/play/start-bench-cut "Start Bench Cut")
  * [Sportle](https://clutchpoints.com/play/sportle/nba "Sportle")
  * [Quizzes](https://clutchpoints.com/quizzes "Quizzes")
  * [Videos](https://clutchpoints.com/videos "Videos")
  * [Podcasts](https://clutchpoints.com/podcasts "Podcasts")

[Get The App](https://app.clutchpoints.com/)

![fb-
pixel](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=604453244580535&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![Quantcast](//pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-MMgxc4wxj3pp5.gif)

![comscore](https://sb.scorecardresearch.com/p?c1=2&c2=20567959&cv=2.0&cj=1)

[![team-logo](/nba/TOR.png)RAPTORS](/nba/toronto-raptors)

[![ClutchPoints logo](/cp_logo_w.png)](/)

  * [Home](/nba/toronto-raptors)
  * [Roster](/nba/toronto-raptors/roster)
  * [Records](/nba/toronto-raptors/records)
  * [Stats](/nba/toronto-raptors/stats)
  * [Schedule](/nba/toronto-raptors/schedule)
  * [Injuries](/nba/toronto-raptors/injuries)
  * [Memes](/nba/toronto-raptors/memes)

  * [NBA](/nba)
  * [Toronto Raptors](/nba/toronto-raptors)

# Toronto Raptors News, Rumors

[![Celtics grades for Georges Niang trade, Chris Boucher
signing](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/08/Celtics-trade-
grade-for-Georges-Niang-deal-with-Jazz.jpg)Boston CelticsCeltics grades for
Georges Niang trade, Chris Boucher signingDaniel Donabedian · 1 day
ago](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/boston-celtics/celtics-grades-georges-niang-
trade-chris-boucher-signing)

[1 move Toronto Raptors should've made in 2025 NBA offseasonRohan Brahmbhatt ·
2 days ago![Jakob Poeltl and Brandon Ingram in Raptors jersey with a cap space
bar at the top right corner indicating red.](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/1-move-Toronto-Raptors-shouldve-made-in-2025-NBA-
offseason.jpg)Toronto Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/move-toronto-raptors-shouldve-made-2025-nba-offseason)[Scottie Barnes
takes jab at Raptors' social media hatersJosue Pavon · 3 days ago![Dan
Hamilton-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/08/Raptors-forward-Scottie-Barnes-II.jpg)Toronto
Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-raptors/raptors-news-scottie-
barnes-takes-jab-social-media-haters)[Toronto Raptors' biggest Collin Murray-
Boyles concern after 2025 NBA Summer LeagueRohan Brahmbhatt · 1 week
ago![Collin Murray-Boyles struggling with
offense](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Toronto-
Raptors-biggest-Collin-Murray-Boyles-concern-after-2025-NBA-Summer-
League.jpg)Toronto Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/toronto-raptors-biggest-collin-murray-boyles-concern-2025-nba-summer-
league)[Raptors rumors: The favorite to replace Masai Ujiri among intriguing
candidatesJackson Stone · 1 week ago![Dan Hamilton-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Webster-and-
Barnes.jpg)Toronto Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/raptors-rumors-favorite-replace-masai-ujiri-among-intriguing-
candidates)[Toronto Raptors 2025 NBA free agency grades for every signingRohan
Brahmbhatt · 2 weeks ago![Mandatory Credit: Rob Gray-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Garrett-
Temple.jpg)Toronto Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/toronto-raptors-2025-nba-free-agency-grades-every-signing)[Toronto
Raptors' perfect move in 2025 NBA offseasonEnzo Flojo · 2 weeks ago![Giannis
Antetokounmpo wearing a Toronto Raptors jersey in the middle, Scottie Barnes
and RJ Barrett around him](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Toronto-Raptors-perfect-move-in-2025-NBA-
offseason.jpg)Toronto Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/toronto-raptors-perfect-move-2025-nba-offseason)[Toronto Raptors'
biggest mistake in 2025 NBA free agencyJedd Pagaduan · 2 weeks ago![Raptors’
Jakob Poeltl, Garrett Temple with money all over them, question marks all
over](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Toronto-Raptors-
biggest-mistake-in-2025-NBA-free-agency.jpg)Toronto
Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-raptors/toronto-raptors-biggest-
mistake-in-2025-nba-free-agency)[Raptors rumors: 'Everybody is scared' after
Masai Ujiri's exitJackson Stone · 3 weeks ago![John E. Sokolowski-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Ujuri-
speaks.jpg)Toronto Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/raptors-rumors-everybody-scared-after-masai-ujiris-exit)[Biggest
Toronto Raptors overreactions from 2025 NBA Summer LeagueEnzo Flojo · 3 weeks
ago![Biggest Toronto Raptors overreactions from 2025 NBA Summer
League](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Biggest-
Toronto-Raptors-overreactions-from-2025-NBA-Summer-League.jpg)Toronto
Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-raptors/biggest-toronto-raptors-
overreactions-2025-nba-summer-league)[Raptors' Brandon Ingram breaks silence
on injury return with message to criticsColin Loughran · 3 weeks ago![©
Gregory Fisher-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/Apr-6-2025-Brooklyn-New-York-USA-Toronto-Raptors-
small-forward-Brandon-Ingram-3-warms-up-prior-to-the-game-against-the-
Brooklyn-Nets.-1.jpg)Toronto Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/raptors-news-brandon-ingram-breaks-silence-injury-return-message-
critics)[Raptors' Brandon Ingram finally gets significant injury updateEvan
Dammarell · 3 weeks ago![Gregory Fisher-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Brandon-Ingram-
Raptors-2.jpg)Toronto Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/raptors-news-brandon-ingram-finally-significant-injury-
update)[Raptors' Alijah Martin lights up Summer League with massive poster
dunkRichard Pereira · 3 weeks ago![Bob Donnan-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Apr-5-2025-San-
Antonio-TX-USA-Florida-Gators-guard-Alijah-Martin-15-dunks-the-ball-against-
Auburn-Tigers-guard-Tahaad-Pettiford-0-and-guard-Chad-Baker-Mazara-10-during-
the-sec.jpg)Toronto Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/raptors-news-alijah-martin-lights-up-summer-league-massive-poster-
dunk)[The move Toronto Raptors still must make in 2025 NBA free agencyJedd
Pagaduan · 4 weeks ago![Giannis Antetokounmpo in Raptors uniform, caption
below: GIANNIS OR NOTHING](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/07/The-move-Toronto-Raptors-still-must-make-in-2025-NBA-
free-agency.jpg)Toronto Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/the-move-toronto-raptors-still-must-make-in-2025-nba-free-
agency)[Masai Ujiri bids farewell to Raptors in emotional messageTroy Finnegan
· 1 month ago![John E. Sokolowski-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Masai-
Ujiri.jpg)Toronto Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/raptors-news-masai-ujiri-farewell-toronto-emotional-message)[Grading
Jakob Poeltl's $104 million Raptors contract extensionJedd Pagaduan · 1 month
ago![Grading Jakob Poeltl's $104 million Raptors contract
extension](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Grading-
Jakob-Poeltls-104-million-Raptors-contract-extension.jpg)Toronto
Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-raptors/grading-jakob-
poeltls-104-million-raptors-contract-extension)[Raptors, Jakob Poeltl agree on
$104 million contract extensionJaren Kawada · 1 month ago![Mike Watters-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/03/IMG_1347.jpeg)Toronto
Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-raptors/raptors-news-toronto-
jakob-poeltl-104-million-contract-extension)[Raptors make first NBA free
agency move after Masai Ujiri firingChris Spiering · 1 month ago![Credit:
Scott Wachter](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/07/Toronto-
makes-first-free-agency-move-after-Masai-Ujiri-firing.jpg)Toronto
Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-raptors/raptors-news-toronto-
makes-first-nba-free-agency-move-after-masai-ujiri-firing)[Toronto Raptors
2025 NBA Draft grades for every pickLorenzo J Reyna · 1 month ago![The Raptors
2025 NBA Draft class hails from the SEC.](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/06/Toronto-Raptors-2025-NBA-Draft-grades-for-every-
pick.jpg)Toronto Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/toronto-raptors-2025-nba-draft-grades-for-every-pick)[Raptors keeping
veteran locker room voice with $3.6 million contractDavid Yapkowitz · 1 month
ago![Jerome Miron-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/06/IMG_1734.jpeg)Toronto
Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-raptors/raptors-news-toronto-
veteran-3-6-million-contract)[Raptors rumors: Ben Simmons floated as potential
target following Masai Ujiri departureDavid Yapkowitz · 1 month ago![Darren
Yamashita-Imagn Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/uploads/2025/04/IMG_1438.jpeg)Toronto
Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-raptors/raptors-rumors-ben-
simmons-potential-target-masai-ujiri-departure)[Masai Ujiri, Raptors part ways
after 2025 NBA DraftPreston Byers · 1 month ago![© John E. Sokolowski-Imagn
Images](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-content/uploads/2025/06/Former-Raptors-
president-Masai-Ujiri.jpg)Toronto
Raptors](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-raptors/raptors-news-masai-
ujiri-toronto-part-ways-2025-nba-draft)

[1](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors)[2](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/pages/2)[3](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/pages/3)[4](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/pages/4)[5](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/pages/5)[6](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/pages/6)[7](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-
raptors/pages/7)[Next](https://clutchpoints.com/nba/toronto-raptors/pages/2)

[![ClutchPoints Logo](https://wp.clutchpoints.com/wp-
content/images/assets/ClutchPoints_Logo_Stroke_v2.webp)](/)

[Home](https://clutchpoints.com/)[Terms of
Service](https://clutchpoints.com/terms-of-
service)[About](https://clutchpoints.com/about-us)[Privacy
Policy](https://clutchpoints.com/privacy-policy)[Contact
Us](https://clutchpoints.com/contact-us)[DMCA
Policy](https://clutchpoints.com/dmca-copyright-
policy)[Press](https://clutchpoints.com/press)[Ethics and
Standards](https://clutchpoints.com/editorial-ethics-
standards)[Advertise](https://clutchpoints.com/advertising)[Team](https://clutchpoints.com/meet-
the-team)[Sitemap](https://clutchpoints.com/sitemap)

Follow Us

[](https://www.facebook.com/ClutchPoints)[](https://twitter.com/clutchpoints)[](https://www.instagram.com/clutchpoints)[](https://www.youtube.com/@ClutchPoints)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@clutchpoints)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/clutchpoints/)[](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ClutchPoints)[](https://www.whatsapp.com/channel/0029VakyB8E2v1IljRuyB80p)

Copyright © ClutchPoints.

![](https://pixel.rubiconproject.com/token?pid=49096&us_privacy=1YNY)

✕

Do not sell or share my personal information.

You have chosen to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your information from
this site and any of its affiliates. To opt back in please click the
"Customize my ad experience" link.  
  
This site collects information through the use of cookies and other tracking
tools. Cookies and these tools do not contain any information that personally
identifies a user, but personal information that would be stored about you may
be linked to the information stored in and obtained from them. This
information would be used and shared for Analytics, Ad Serving, Interest Based
Advertising, among other purposes.  
  
For more information please visit this site's Privacy Policy.

CANCEL

CONTINUE

## Your Use of Our Content

✕

The content we make available on this website [and through our other channels]
(the “Service”) was created, developed, compiled, prepared, revised, selected,
and/or arranged by us, using our own methods and judgment, and through the
expenditure of substantial time and effort. This Service and the content we
make available are proprietary, and are protected by these Terms of Service
(which is a contract between us and you), copyright laws, and other
intellectual property laws and treaties. This Service is also protected as a
collective work or compilation under U.S. copyright and other laws and
treaties. We provide it for your personal, non-commercial use only.

You may not use, and may not authorize any third party to use, this Service or
any content we make available on this Service in any manner that (i) is a
source of or substitute for the Service or the content; (ii) affects our
ability to earn money in connection with the Service or the content; or (iii)
competes with the Service we provide. These restrictions apply to any robot,
spider, scraper, web crawler, or other automated means or any similar manual
process, or any software used to access the Service. You further agree not to
violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of this Service, if
any, or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit
access to the Service by automated means.

×

Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.  
  
[Do not sell or share my personal information.](/)

Terms of Content Use

![iiq_pixel](https://sync.intentiq.com/profiles_engine/ProfilesEngineServlet?at=20&mi=10&secure=1&dpi=270675768&iiqidtype=2&iiqpcid=45bf3d9f-2d35-0521-9ce9-8827a2622133&iiqpciddate=1754611288985&tsrnd=796_1754611288985&fbp=3096982667&jsver=6.123&cz=0%3A768%2C1%3A1366%2C2%3A1%2C3%3A768%2C4%3A1366%2C5%3Aen-
US&dw=1366&dh=768&dpr=1&lan=en-
US&testPercentage=-1&testGroup=T&vrref=https%3A%2F%2Fclutchpoints.com%2Fnba%2Ftoronto-
raptors&us_privacy=1YNY&gpp=DBABzw~1YNY~BVQqAAAAAgA&gpc=undefined&gdpr=0)

![](https://d9.flashtalking.com/img/img.png?&D9v.CampID=3175&D9r.DeviceID=true&D9c=ftImp&D9v.CCampID=225291&D9c.placementId=7892506&D9v.gdpr=0&D9v.gdpr_consent=&D9v.us_privacy=&cb=INSERT_CACHEBUSTER_HERE&D9cc.ft_custom=gmRL0os4TdSXOxiE3nBNhYhrVN7cPBvKijhL14ptG4LebkGFxGVK18Rs48asNg==)![](https://data.ad-
score.com/img?&pid=1000925&tt=g&tid=15091&l1=225291&l2=20050&l3=7892506)![](https://pixel.quantserve.com/pixel/p-1RYxePXT9bCS2.gif?&media=ad&p=0.201&r=701148&rand=632524700&labels=_qc.imp,_imp.adserver.rtb,_imp.qccampaign.9071854,_imp.flight.0,_imp.lineitem.0&rtbip=192.184.73.91&rtbdata2=EBc6GGh0dHBzOi8vY2x1dGNocG9pbnRzLmNvbVooNmZ6UG1yN3p3TTN5cmNYSjd2UGJ6cm1va0pueXFKRE92ZnotN3MwNoAButX6ow26ASRlOWU4ZDljZC1mNWZlLTQ1MzItYWEzNi05MzQ2YzEyZTE3NWPAAaiiDMgB6Znut4gz2gEqODkyNTFlNDMtZmFjZC00YjI2LTlmYWItMGUyMDAwYmVkMzhifjgzMH4xsAIIyAIA0ALO4Yb7-J_3zKkB6AJb8gIPCNmYHBDLl8aI4pag7_0B8gIMCFsQ
--bdjqfxh4dV-
AIAigMHMzM4NjQ4N5IDCWluZm9saW5rc5gDA6gDALIDBLiYNIu6AxIJEEhVQV4tPlIRXBEXph1ZBJfCAxIJUkGSxws25lARmkONhW6g-ZTIA8KKgBDYA5yfzq0C4gMPcC0xUll4ZVBYVDliQ1My6gMA8gMFMTAwMzf4AwCABLACigQCNzeaBBIJaUO1Voe0fBkR_9GOwq4IrqqiBBIJEEhVQV4tPlIRXBEXph1ZBJeqBBIJEEhVQV4tPlIRXBEXph1ZBJe4BNAF0AQM8gQCVVOABQGKBSoyMGQ1MjdhNDIxMGRkYWM2ZjJhZWJkNjdiNzcxYmJlOWI5NDI5ZDY3MTmQBQGaBRUg1SekIQ3axvKuvWe3cbvpuUKdZxmiBSQ3QzhjV2FnUEUxMjVFaDFGZ1E0TGRMUWFCa2lJS3R6RFJnaz24BQDABZyfzq0CyAXu2akE0gUGCAIQBRgG6AUGiAYBmgYUChIJaUO1Voe0fBkR_9GOwq4IrqqgBgC1BoNyvzi6BlIKAlVTEgJOWRj1AyIKbmV3JTIweW9yayoFMTAwMzc6GGNoYXJ0ZXIlMjBjb21tdW5pY2F0aW9uc1oYY2hhcnRlciUyMGNvbW11bmljYXRpb25zyQaeKDjpJBa3DNAGONgGOOIGP19mcC5ldmVudC5EQyBQYWlkIENvbnZlcnNpb24sX2ZwLmV2ZW50LkRDIFRyaWFsIENvbnZlcnNpb24sX29yX-
oGEWh0dHBzOi8vYWRvYmUuY29t8QYBQDjpJBa3DIAHAIoHEglSQZLHCzbmUBGaQ42FbqD5lA)![](https://pixel.adsafeprotected.com/rfw/st/2184108/81709831/skeleton.gif?gdpr=0&gdpr_consent=&gdpr_pd=${GDPR_PD}ias_advId=${ACCOUNT_ID}&ias_creativeId=0&ias_campId=9071854&ias_placementId=9194846&adsafe_par&ias_impId=916225396980596737&custom=50e6360b-c792-4152-94f9-a06e858d439a&custom2=523e2d5e-4155-4810-9704-591da617115c&custom3=p-1RYxePXT9bCS2)

